RLUTNTYJAUFCW	adjudicated	0	I ordered two of these as Christmas presents. It would have been wonderful if one of the boxes hadn't obviously been opened and massively re-taped and the other one had a crack all the way through the center of the screen.  Thank goodness I opened them to charge an pre-load some programs before Christmas.  I've returned the broken one, the other will do.  I've ordered a replacement, so hopefully it will arrive safely and in time.
R1L2AZLLBSW0NI	adjudicated	4	I bought this based on great reviews, especially with children in mind. The Kindle Free time was a great ideal. The problem I have is I have two children and when they want to switch users, it requires the parental login to switch users among children accounts.  It is VERY ANNOYING. I want both, who are three apart, to have different settings.  They are continuously asking me to log them off to allow them to switch users.  Kindle needs to fix this.  I am about to buy a Asus tablet. My Asus tablet has a similar children's app to allow them each to have an account wit their own password.  This will allow them to log off each and allow the other to log in to their own account.  Second, you can't add memory.  Kindle solution is to have cloud storage.  wrong ideal.  Some apps like Real Racing is 4 gb.  After one month, I am out of memory without any videos downloaded from Amazon Prime.  We only downloaded six games.  Most other tablets can add a SD card to increase memory.  I own a Asus Transformer and love it. I just wish I bought them one.  My sister in law bought a Asus tablet for her children and the children accounts work fine and they have a much bigger android app store and can add up to 32gb of extra storage.  The only down fall for them is they can't download Amazon prime movies for out of wifi play.
R2PJ4UHFSIU98D	adjudicated	3	I bought this bridge primarily for my Xbox360. Expand the network with the second port to stream movies from media server. Doesn't stream very well. Use my laptop to compare connection and stream. Setup my laptop as a bridge and was able to stream DVD quality movies without lag, but with the Zyxel bridge, there were significant lag. Don't bother with HD with this bride.    I agree with all other comments on documentation and initial setup. Very poor docs and initial setup. Also, can't tell from the management UI the actual wireless connection speed. Always shows \\"300\\" even if i limit my router connection to 54MB or 145MB. Should be able to stream DVD quality movies and HD if connection rate is 300MB.
ROXVNKYNI5P9E	adjudicated	1	The inability to save what is written makes it more of a toy then a replacement for paper notes.
RHHA0OB0U8ZTN	adjudicated	1	I think this is a very innovative product and I purchased it as a gift for my wife.  She found it difficult to use and I had to return it.  My wife has small, delicate fingers and the problem that she had was that it required too much pressure to activate the keys.
RPFV0V1MT71BI	adjudicated	4	It's OK. I really wanted a 360 rotating stand for my new ipad and I spent a lot of time looking for the right one. There are plenty of cheap ones out there, but been there/done that/don't recommend. The cases with grooves to hold the ipad at an angle rarely work well, so I hoped this approach would be better. It does grip the ipad fairly well if you're only reading or perhaps swiping through a web site. But I am drawing and painting so I'm making lots of &#34;touches&#34; to the screen. This case bounces and jiggles as I touch it with my stylus. And often it slides. The front tab that folds over to close the ipad is not rigid enough to catch the device, so it slides right past this and flops down. Yes, I could detach and use the 'typing' legs, but it sure would be nice to have it just catch on the front flap.<br /><br />I think I may return this one and continue my search. Why is it so difficult for the manufacturers' to make grooves that would actually hold an ipad up ????<br /><br />One more thing - this case is fairly heavy, compared to the weight of the new ipad. Why negate one of the advantages of upgrading my device?
R7ZL4826NHZXN	adjudicated	2	You can't beat this for the price. It works. Setup was not quite so easy. I spent a few hours rebooting the router and my computer, and when it finally did work I couldn't really tell you exactly what I did to get it to work. It's also not as fast, obviously, as what you can get. <br />However, now that I have it set up, I haven't regretted it for the price. I don't use wireless all that much, and my desktop that I have directly plugged into it has not had any problems with it. I would recommend it for a cheap solution.
R3K4MX05P2ED1L	adjudicated	1	I found it too big and bulky, It does the job of protection, but it makes the transfomrer seem bulky and not comfortable to hold
R2QY16ZGAJ73WB	adjudicated	5	There are many aesthetically fanciful covers out there but casecrown ipad2 cover is simple and does the job. The speaker and back camera hole is an advantage over those without.    What compels me to buy is the lightweight, very important for me as i will be carrying it everyday. Of course, lightweight means a sacrifice on sturdiness. It will be obvious when you try to make it stand horizontally. It won't be as stable as those heavy duty covers. It will fall if you tap with a little pressure.    Another thing that can be improved on is the magnet. It isn't strong enough and will sometimes flip open when u hold the cover with the flab facing downwards.     Protection wise, it will do a good job except for the corners. It will probably save your ipad2 from a few falls but if it lands on the corners, things might turn out differently. Personally not an issue to me as i'm using this as a primary cover, and another secondary cover (belkin pleated) when i need to keep my ipad2 in my bag or when i expect some rough handling.    To be fair, it is a good cover with full ipad2 functionalilty incorporated in its design. The velcro strip at the insert side will keep your device snugly in place without having to worry that it will drop out.    It isn't perfect, but it is very well worth the price!
R2DFY5C3KWMDAR	adjudicated	3	The case is decent at best, or at least mine was. The case doesnt fit the tablet snug, so when i have it propped up with the kickstand it slides down the bottom a little making the band rise up blocking part of the windows button. Swiping on the right or left edge is difficult. Tried emailing the company twice, no response to either about these problems. I wouldnt really recommend this to anyone at this point.
R1GK5NDSX1MMEY	adjudicated	1	Worked great at first.  Now, it doesn't hold a charge.
R27B6VT0NWP9CS	adjudicated	3	It does not fit all the way into the unit. It is weird looking and definitely not a 'normal' end for this type of charger. It does charge the unit with no problems, but do NOT try to push it all the way into the receiver like you would any other USB charger, it will not fit all the way and you will damage your Kindle! It is really annoying that it does not fit all the way in and leaves a sizable gap between the until and the base of the charger insert.
RBKG8PGX4VU24	adjudicated	2	This case is very good for protecting my ipad. It turns off when I close it and comes on when I open it. It is a little heavy and it isn't the greatest for propping up the ipad for reading.
R16L5VH8OFORO6	adjudicated	3	I'll start this review off with the cons, as that was the first thing I saw:  I cleaned my Kindle Fire screen thoroughly with the included wipe.  The screen appeared spotless, but maybe there is some dust still on it (although I don't see any).  I'm going to have to try again with my large microfiber cloth (contrary to the suggested cleaning method, I will not use glass cleaner or any other chemical on the screen of my new Fire).  Applied the screen protector as instructed, but there are loads of air bubbles that can be seen when the device is turned off.  I already wasted one of the protectors for this reason, so tried a second with the same results.  I've never had a problem applying screen protectors until now.  The Pros:  When the Kindle is turned on, I really don't notice the air bubbles, except occasionally if there's a black/dark background.  What I do like very much is that the anti-glare/matte finish actually works.  I don't normally read outdoors, and I haven't taken it into the bright sunshine, but out on the catwalk in front of my condo (in shade most of the day), it not only did cut the glare (couldn't see hardly anything before putting on the protector), I actually had to up the brightness of the screen.  Consensus:  If it weren't for the air bubble problem, I would give this item a five star review.  I'm going to attempt to apply the protector again, and if I succeed in getting rid of the bubbles, I will absolutely revise and update my rating.  All in all though, even with the bubbles, I'm not totally unhappy with the product.  It cuts the glare, and for me, more importantly, it will help to keep those pesky fingerprints and dust off my Kindle Fire.
R2I70C6CYLENUY	adjudicated	4	I bought this stuff because one of my laptops (heavily used by kids) finally got its audio output loosen to unusable state.  The idea was to plug adapter into usb port and thus get audio output back.  And it worked.  I put 3 stars here because it's definitely  &#34;Okay&#34; - for a couple of bucks you receive pretty usable plug-and-play thing. A few remarks though. Watch out its size. It takes more space than typical usb connector, so you might have difficulties with plugin something else in nearby port. Also with my laptop/headphone combination it delivers _way_ more loud sound in comparison with laptop's own output. So volume needs to be heavily adjusted (maybe down to lower 10% of scale) to keep my ears safe :-)
R1WKH7V50VE10P	adjudicated	0	The other mice I have all have it so that pressing on the scroll wheel is pressing the middle mouse button. This mouse has a separate little button behind the scroll wheel that performs the function of the middle mouse button.
RIS0RAGTOOTIF	adjudicated	1	Grandson didn't read the specs properly and expected it to be much bigger. It really couldn't hold school books for anyone above second grade!
R373PRPCV0DYYF	adjudicated	2	I hooked up my iphone and it said it was charging at 30% but 3 hours later it was still the same amount of battery left 30%. The next day my boyfriend hooked up his nexus7 and it charged it up with in the hour.
R3OW2QJQZMFGLL	adjudicated	2	This does keep the heat at bay for awhile, but if you have your notebook on your lap for hours as I do, the heat does eventually start coming through.  it's better than nothing, but not sure if there might be a better product out there.
R2OLXDBFWA5CPP	adjudicated	1	Light does not work all the time.  Must tap numerious time until it stays lit.  Seems like it has to warm up before the lite stays on.
R3IOPGI6Q6A73S	adjudicated	1	It fits the iPad mini nicely, but doesn't always wake when I open it, and I have a hard time keeping it upright when I put the back into the slot for reading upright. Otherwise, it's ok.
RL8LU0R04U0V9	adjudicated	0	Seems as no one like the new configuration. Not a show stopper but a definite consideration to see if others may be more suitable to your taste.
R2XAE3WEG78R6Y	adjudicated	3	So I was able to set this great NAS up and get it running without too much difficulty.  However, I have started to have major problems transferring data to it under certain conditions.<br /><br />You see, if I do one single thing involving the NAS at a time, everything goes just fine.  Also, if I only transfer about 3GB at a time, everything is fine.<br /><br />However, if I try to do more than one thing at a time, even something like moving data to it and play music off of it on the same computer, the drive will completely freeze up and require a power cycle.  Bad news!  Also, if I send along anything around 5 or more GB at one time, the drive will freeze up again.<br /><br />This is not what I would expect from a NAS device with gigabit ethernet.  At the very least, I should be able to play music and transfer files to it.  That's ridiculous.<br /><br />But the worst is that I called up WD tech support, and after about 15 minutes of the fool on the phone following his script and not thinking for himself (he probably couldn't), he said flatly that Windows 7 was not supported.  I asked him why on earth it would matter what operating system I was running, as long as the file system on the drive was readable by the OS, but he had no idea what I was talking about and that was the end of the discussion.<br /><br />Since then, I've seen many people complain about freezing when using this drive with Windows 7.<br /><br />To be clear, I never installed the software that came with the drive (it probably wouldn't install anyway).  I shouldn't have to install that crud to use this drive, and I really don't have to, it works fine without it, with the above exceptions.<br /><br />Hopefully they'll somehow \\"support\\" Windows 7 in the future, though I don't have a clue what they need for that, whether it's a driver on the OS or a firmware update to the drive.  Whatever it is, I hope they do it soon.<br /><br />In the meantime, it's still a great drive.  My favorite use of it is as a media server for my WDTV Live.  That works perfectly every time.  Oh, well, except for the times the MyBook froze up!e.  Oh, well, except for the times the MyBook froze up!
R2B6EQT63S8206	adjudicated	2	I like the large keys and the screen is very good.  Seems to be solidly built.  I hate Windows ; not user friendly.  It also has poor speakers, even for a laptop..
R2DNOUNIU876ZN	adjudicated	2	For photos, it is great! Speed seems fine and it stores a ton!<br /><br />My only concern is with the HD video from my t2i. It seems that ever since I got this card, when recording video on it, my camera will sometimes stop recording automatically. Some error message pops up stating it is stopping, and then after a few seconds it lets you record again. Sometimes it does it again, sometimes it doesnt. I may be wrong in assuming, but it seems the camera may be writing at faster speeds than the card can handle. Not sure if this is the case or not, but yeah. Just something to be aware of. And who knows, maybe I got a bad card.
R1H85G6YSLDDS6	adjudicated	3	First of all, its not a magnetic cover.<br />Not recommended if you´re gonna stand up your tablet on a desk, but works fine on a bed. The cover is soft, and beautiful, i just have a problem with the camera (well, nobody use the camera of this tablet), but when i try to take a picture, the cover blocks the camera (the front part).
R3B8FKX2JD1XS5	adjudicated	4	I've owned a half dozen RAID enclosures, and this one is the noisiest one I've had to bear. I managed to get a few benchmarks--Performance-wise, it is on par with the best enclosures I've used. In RAID 0 on a pair of Seagate 4TB 5900RPM drives, I was getting 230MB/sec (sequential 2GB writes), the same as my Guardian Maximus (both over USB 3.0, Intel Z97 chipset). In single drive mode, I was getting about 130-140MB/sec. I did not test speeds writing from one drive to the other in port multiplier mode.<br /><br />The Guardian is near-silent even though it has a tiny 40mm fan (I did a fan swap to a Scythe). My AkiTio 2-bay RAID enclosure is similarly (but slightly less) quiet with a 40mm fan as well. This Orico enclosure has a larger (and theoretically quieter) 50mm fan but it manages to be FAR noisier than the rest of my computer combined. The noise is a very distinct &#34;whooshing&#34; sound, probably because of the shape of the enclosure & its ventilation holes.<br /><br />If you are willing to disassemble the unit and spend $10 soldering a quieter fan, I can definitely recommend it due to the price. But, even at the $70 price point, there are definitely some other competitors such as the AkiTio NT2 U3/U3e which also features a very easy drive swapping mechanism (although this Orico 9528RU3 has the easiest latching doors of any enclosure I've used, even if they are a bit finicky on closing)
R1JH6D90RIVW21	adjudicated	2	larger in size than need be but it does protect the memory card.
R2XK88EF2CT4QQ	adjudicated	3	For less than $20, this case is a really good buy. It still would be a good buy at over $20 but I hope for everyone's sake that the seller is not going to increase the price. The rubberized finish feels good and provides a decent amount of friction for a good grip. I was initially concerned about how the front cover is attached to the plastic back tray. After buying another Photive case, which was equally well constructed, I decided to give this case a try and I am not disappointed. I didn't give it 5 stars because the cut out for the volume and lock buttons was a little crude. While it is correctly placed, the opening wasn't straight and the edges were sharp. I almost cut my finger open the first few times reaching for the buttons.  I think this will be my last case for this iPad, until Apple comes up with an \\"upgrade\\" to the iPad Mini in 6 months anyway :-)<br /><br />Update 8/10<br />The rubberized finishing on the back tray is starting to peel off. Has it been a year? Expected it to last a little longer since I alternate between two different covers so technically it has seen less than 6 months of wear and tear.
R1GW2BEA0H66Y9	adjudicated	3	I fully agree with Richard on this. - The \\"Soft\\" part of the case is semi-rigid, and prevents the On/Off switch from pressing down enough to operate the phone. - Also VERY difficult to put the phone inside of. - And even harder to remove the phone from!! - (HINT: Take the 'Gold Plastic part off the 'soft' part before attempting either move with your phone.)  ALSO: - The case prevents a Headphone Plug from fully locking into place, as it's several mm higher than the phones edge itself, so you can't listen to music w/o removing the case!    UPDATE:  The Manufacturer has been in touch with me, and is working with me,(and everyone), on these 'Cons', and also has offered to replace it with another type of case. - They are doing everything they can to make this a winner for all who buy one.  Keep the faith, as these are really nice cases, and will be even better in the near future. - P.S.
R1Q9H6C08AM9BA	adjudicated	4	I am not quite sure if I have written any review on this Tablet, iPad Alternative, but after several months I came to like this little machine.  Although, the webcam is not functioning and the storage is extremely small (30 gb which I wish it was 120 gb or more) but it does its job well. Again, I wish there would be a way to upgrade to a higher storage capacity instead of buying a new one later on.  Windows 7 ultimate is taking most of the 30 gb leaving at least 10 gb or less which it does not leave room for Adobe Reader and Flash drive.  After I installed Maple math software I have 2 gb left.  I can't install other math or any other software.  The multitouch is not working properly but I rarely use that anyway.  All in All, it is great the way it is - with its Office suite you still can use Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and OneNote. You still can check the email, browse the web and watch sport.  It needs a little more juice to be an iPad alternative since iPad runs on Apps that are abundantly available and this machine runs on pure Windows 7 applications that not only are not cheap but also this machine has storage limitations for applications.  I hope the next generation of computers and tablets would be capable of booting from a flash drive so at least the machines can recover from a crash or capacity limitations.
R3T8WMKBEPPT36	adjudicated	3	I love the color and it is very stylish and provides sturdy protection for my new Ipad2. Also, a good deal for the price. It allows you to stand the Ipad in either horizontal or vertical positions, and gives the option to have the Ipad at different angles with ridges in the case that hold the ipad upright when you put the bottom edge in them, but it only stays up in one or two of those positions. Check out the other video review here that talks about that. Overall, a decent case. It's pleather, by the way, not real leather.
R28HXBSS874E6W	adjudicated	2	I just received this adapter and installed it almost without any problems.  The instructions in the booklet for inserting the card were different from the software--one said to turn off your computer.  I tried it without turning it off and it worked (sort of).  After completing the installation I still didn't have an interent or networking connection and the signal strenght was poor.  (We have a Linksys wireless router--about five feet away).<br /><br />After going through the help screen in the utility menu about four times--it was no help.  I finally figured out that it needed the ssid--it didn't detect it automatically (like the usb version does).  To make a long story short--I finally manually inputted the ssid and after tinkering a little more it worked.
R3HS8ZP61K48UN	adjudicated	1	Product says it fits for an adroid tablet 9.7 inch, but doesnt fit!! Was looking forward to put my tablet in this and now i cant :(
RJSSNTJARQZPW	adjudicated	1	I bought this Ipad as new. Discovered after checking with Apple support that it had been previously registered (used). Returned for credit and replacement. Replacement was new and unused.
R2BZC4GMMC8CVC	adjudicated	1	I was excited to recieve this product as when i bought my samsung galaxy note 10.1 best buy had no adapters left in sock.This is a reasonable price and appears to work so far. I find it difficult to pull in and out of the device, but i am hoping that will become easier as time goes by.
R6SGROF6RB55G	adjudicated	2	This case is everything others have said in their reviews.  A good case that does what it should.  However, it is NOT leather! It's made out of a smelly, rubbery material.<br /><br />Why lie?  The case is a good case otherwise.  It's very sturdy and will protect your iPad.  Just don't expect leather for 15 bucks!
R3I0YCIB9PI51V	adjudicated	2	I went on a recommendation from bit-tech.net.. I should have known better, a bought off tech. This thing performs the same as a artic cooling freezer rev. 2 and has twice the number of fans/noise.. You can get lower temps but at the cost of noise.. You need to put it on a speed controller or speedfan, and at the same noise levels as the artic, your getting the same or worse temps.. What a bad bang for the buck.. It does get the temps lower but it's just too loud with the fans supplied
R2UQZNHK680N04	adjudicated	1	Used it backup all of our data from a laptop and from a network drive at school.<br />Works fine - has the standard USB cable, but has the newer USB 3.0 connector on the HD drive side.
R2S2F97L0EI0SU	adjudicated	2	I ordered two and they came very timely. I have used one of them about 4 times and the parts that plug into the tablet is starting to fall apart.. not a very good product but it was cheap and got it when i needed it.
R281G21BA0S5EG	adjudicated	1	Works fine with tablet not working with windows phone
R1XC4Z39VV1LR5	adjudicated	4	Ignore the rating in the title. Read this review for the real rating.<br /><br />The AN-200 is a stylish and compact MW antenna. The manual tuning is nearly perfect for the band as it allows precise control of the tuning. The AN-200 works well as an antenna whether electrically coupled or directly connected to a radio. I've tested the AN-200 with two receivers, a Meduci MW-2 which lacks a ferrite antenna and a Tecsun PL-880. Naturally, the AN-200 must be directly connected to the MW-2 and its performance was very good on local stations. The AN-200 was electrically coupled with the PL-880 and its performance was impressive with the sensitive PL-880. The AN-200 and PL-880 combination is so good that I was listening to previously unknown stations via skywave. One such station was a 130 watt AM station (KMTA) which is more than 150 miles away. I rate the AN-200 a solid 4 stars out of 5. Hopefully, your experience will be as pleasant as mine. Good luck.
R2K8MZCWSC1BBT	adjudicated	4	This case is ok, has good points and bad ones. It's a dirt magnet and very difficult to brush off. It's difficult to put on and off so I don't take it off to wash it. The tablet has a rather flimsy/flexible back to it and a hard glass screen so I don't want to risk separating them. The other con with this case is that it makes the tablet much heavier. It does give me something more to grip when I'm using the tablet, that's probably the main reason I like it. I'm not sure how much protection it'd really offer in a drop (I've never dropped mine), but it does offer a lot of padding - around the edges at least. I'd probably give it another star if it had some sort of coating that made the dirt, hair and dust brush off it more easily or not stick so well in the first place.
R1AEOUHS4CA9KB	adjudicated	1	Good range for my 1,200 sq ft house. It does go in and out of range, but has helped my (very slow) wifi in the city
R1JZYEDL26TWAH	adjudicated	2	I read the reviews before purchasing but hoped my stand would be different....NOT! It did last longer than others but have to be replaced after 4 months. The stand is ideal for the case and practical for placing horizontally or vertically but not durable. Purchasing the Trident case locks you in to purchasing the stand because it's too heave to hold w/out the stand.
R1FNOJGQYM03EK	adjudicated	1	Used this on my SurfacePro2 and it only shows as having 59GB free. 5GB is a lot to lose, I could see maybe advertising it as 60 and getting 59 but not 64.<br /><br />Works fine though just not as much memory as I bought.
R1XTBHCP3TJ9UE	adjudicated	2	Cool board but mine seems to have a gremlin in it. Randomly just stops working , have to unplug then replug it and even then sometimes that wont work. I love the overall fall of the board just , kinda disappointed it only sometimes feels like doing its job.
R3BJHV7UJS7NLL	adjudicated	1	Adequate, better as a reader than a tablet.
REMLWI30ASTWB	adjudicated	3	I want to give 3.5 stars.<br /><br />[Good]<br />- I dont need my labtop anymore<br />- Wifi works totally fine<br />- easy to use<br />- many good options(I dont actually need all of thme bczu I only use this for PDF and internet things)<br />- GPS, so you can track yours when stolen or lost<br />- Enough space for all my e-book and music... and you can get more space by purchasing the $14~20 flash memory card<br />- I want to strongly recommand people to buy galaxy-tab2-bluetooth-keyboard which makes this product even cooler<br /><br />[Bad]<br />-Battery doesnt stay that long.<br />If you want to use this for a long time that samsung mentioned \\"Music Playback (Up to 77 Hours), Video Playback(Up to 6 Hours\\", you have to turn off all the options such as wifi, bluetooth, sound, light(minimum), and GPS.<br /><br />-Also, the screen sometimes stops or move slow for a while (like 0.2~0.5 seconds but it's annoying)<br /><br />I havn't used other tablet so I can't really compare with, but I wouldn't surely recommand my friend to buy this.
RZ8OUOY36LVDW	adjudicated	0	It broke in less than a year.
R17GDO6IUMYEM9	adjudicated	3	I just received this.  It seems to be as sturdily made as my other bag.  There are several pouches for pens, cords and what-have-you.  I am only giving three stars because of the amount of usable space.  The oblong bag for iPad2 easily holds my iPad in its notebook cover so I assumed this would do the same.  I can get the tablet in the bag but cannot close the Velcro flap.  The tablet will fit with no cover or just a light sleeve. Very little wiggle room with this bag as opposed to the oblong one.
R17VC0VAUAMD0M	adjudicated	5	This product fulfills its basic function.  It is not a Samsung or iPad.  One should not expect that at this price. I would say the value/price is greater than the prior two.  It is certainly matches a Kindle.  So far so good.  I truly appreciate the ability to disable the built in software esp, as these applications are all in Chinese (see below).<br /><br />Now for the buts:<br />A.  It is slow to connect to the internet, even if only turning the screen back on without a \\"power off\\".<br />B.  The default language is Chinese, at least on mine.  I do not speak nor read Chinese.  The instructions were in Chinese.  My wife speaks Mandarin and reads Chinese.  Yet, she could not discover or make sense of the instructions.  Careful internet searching with accompanying trial and error allowed me to change to English.  I am sure that I am still missing functions.  The manufacturer could merely add an instruction set in English.  Manufacturers routinely supply instructions in English and Spanish in products to be sold in the United States.<br />C.  The display brightness seems to be subject to random changes.  Further experimentation is needed to determine if this is due to the machine, the app or my ignorance.<br /><br />I thought I would have to return the device prior to my successful though incomplete internet search.  Amazon quickly obtained a return slip for me.  BUT, I would have to pay postage, $20 to $40 USD.  The result is a return of $93 to $73.<br /><br />I would recommend this to someone savvy with the internet, aware of device's limitations and able to absorb the financial hit.
R3CEEGPVPC7XAV	adjudicated	1	It tested out with a write/read speed of 21/40 MB/sec where for a few dollars more I got an Adata S102 32GB that tested 35/113 MB/Sec.  I'd get the S102 instead of this.
R1SV2CCVUS0739	adjudicated	1	doesn't provide enough juice for a HDD that doesn't have it's own power supply, even with a 2 to 1 usb splitter
R8O1KZJOD8K78	adjudicated	1	Works about as well as was advertised however Solid State \\"Hybrid\\" Drive leads one to believe it has the speed of a SSD and it doesn't even come close to SSD not sure if it was just high hopes on my part or if i was truly missinformed, either way it works, works fairly well and has decent speeds however comes nothing close to a SSD!
R2456LV4GX0371	adjudicated	1	Its a fan, and a bit noisy (at high speed -dont know why you will use this fan if you are using at lowest speed) if that bothers you
RWITJHK09TRZ8	adjudicated	1	This is easy to use and I like it. Unfortunately one of the buttons stopped working after only using about a month and  half. I would like to exchange for another one if possible, maybe I just got  bad one.
R1KF2STB0BFQU3	adjudicated	2	I tried to install this like the directions said and it would not work. Called tech support and found that he could not help me any more after 1 hour and 1/2 of being on the phone. Finally my brother checked it and it was a simple set up problem under basic settings. Now it works great. Also the item was on the shelf for an unreasonable amount of time according to the serial number date and the netgear tech said I may have trouble with warranty if I do not keep my receipt handy.
R1VFWEVLFN9PSN	adjudicated	2	Excellent quality, the reason I don't give it a better grade is because it promised a higher speed than a 100 Mbps up to 300 Mbps, and it doesn't obtains it. I called customer service and their response was not satisfactory in explaining the reason for the speed.<br />Otherwise it is very reliable product, long lasting compared to other Range Extenders I have used that haven't lasted more than a year. Easy to install and works great with Ipad, Windows 7 and 8.1
R218TUNYU3989Q	adjudicated	2	Good sound for speech and movies ,however music is tinny sounding .  Not adjustable there is  no woofer  for the bass .Easy install plug and play. expensive for the type of speaker though . sound level is hard to adjust because the buttons are so small . I would buy again because there is nothing on the market with the usb style of installation .laptops hhave very poor sound so we are forced to buy a louder sound system in order to hear anything clearly .
R15TRQSZ19RB0H	adjudicated	1	This product worked as expected for the first five minutes.  The cable is very flexible and therefore hard to guide to the right spot without attaching something to stiffen it.  After five minutes of use, the LED lights quit working and never worked again.  I will be returning it for a refund.
R1YB3O7YWU2MR6	adjudicated	0	I bought this with the intention of watching movies on my old TV from my laptop but it did not work.
R1EUJWE6SUNPZJ	adjudicated	3	The cover is ok to use, but doesn't fit perfectly around my Macbook Pro 13inch Retina Display (late 2013 edition).<br />The thickness is good enough, but the lenght and with are quite loose because the cover is slightly too big for the laptop.<br />What should also be mentioned is that the material smelled quite chemical when first opening the package. This smell faded away after a while.<br />Nevertheless it does the job, and for the price it is still worth it.
RT8RB5OE661QB	adjudicated	3	GOOD:  Range seems fine. The feel is identical to a Thinkpad laptop. If you like those, you'll like this.  BAD:  Home, End, Insert, and Delete are prominent across the top, which forces the FN keys to be chicklet-sized and crammed together. This makes it difficult to find them via touch-type. Worse yet, the FnLk key doesn't work on OSX or Linux. That means every time you need a function key, you have to hold down Fn in the lower left corner of the keyboard.  I don't know if I can handle the contortions required to do that with the CTRL, ALT, WINDOWS, SHIFT combinations many IDE's and editors default to.  WORSE:  I map the CTRL key to CAPS-LOCK.  Always have, since starting out on SUN workstations. Less contortions, and allows for better key-combinations.  Except, they don't all work on this keyboard.  Only keyboard I've ever owned where they don't. Mapping CTRL+SHIFT+ALT+W, S, or X doesn't get recognized, unless you use the actual CTRL key.  Currently using this at work for a project requiring Windows, and I don't hate it for that.
RFYB2SP6F4Z03	adjudicated	1	If you are buying this product for the color, to differentiate your connections, the product is NOT this color at all. The one I got was a very faint cream color (which I already have so it defeats the purpose of purchasing the yellow I wanted.) Had I known that this color is greatly misrepresented I would have either purchased another color or purchased elsewhere. Other than that, it is just your typical RJ45 cable, nothing special.
RD6A0M7ONE1UF	adjudicated	2	I got revision 9.  Router ran terribly slow until I put OpenWRT on there.  Now it runs surprisingly fast for how cheap it was.  However, no build of OpenWRT on this particular revision lets me save settings.  Anytime the router loses power, I have to set it up again.
R19V8CXV2NMCJD	adjudicated	1	Good fit, but kickstand is a little loose and doesn't snap into it's holder very well.  Will see how it holds up.
R3PYNWUMASYCV4	adjudicated	1	Like other users before me, after only a few weeks the left retention bracket (above the power on/off button) has broken and because of the break the iPad Air doesn't stay in place.  Seems the plastic used in this application is too brittle and does not flex with the movement of the devise - certainly a design flaw.
R2L75VBJM4B5AL	adjudicated	0	What I received makes no mention of the model that amazon says I will be receiving.  In stead of an FE01-BL I have received an RT-MWK01.  It is almost identical except it does NOT have backlit keys.  This is one of the reasons I bought this... I needed the keys to be backlit.<br /><br />I am pretty disappointed but theres no point in returning it since the return shipping will probably cost me what half of another one would cost...
R23WSMCCYUIKC4	adjudicated	2	It's difficult to get the bubbles out of the screen protector. I used 2 per tablet. It's cheap enough to make that okay and it does provide anti glare for the sun.
R28KK40ME5O255	adjudicated	2	Ok, product wise this blows away the iPod Touch, simply because the iTouch has almost no storage.  I problem with this product is that you will need to purchase an additional $70 worth of software 'plug-ins' from Archos to do all the advertised features of the product, something Archos does not really advertise.  After shelling out $500 for the product, at release, finding out after the fact I needed $70 in software to be able to use most video, browser, and podcast content, left me feeling swindled.
R2R74VJQCO4UMB	adjudicated	2	I have had the product only a week or so and there is no issue with it. However, I am lowering the rating because (1) there were no instructions at all on installation (2) there was suppose to be a 3 year warranty and when I registered it there was only 27 months given to me - still trying to resolve that issue. (3) the phone number given for tech support doesn't work (4) too much time taken to try to resolve warranty issue and to get an instruction manual
R28N0G9E9OH7PD	adjudicated	3	I gave it 3 stars because it's nice and compact.  It looks nice, but if you put it next to the August Lion case, it looks less streamlined and more plasticky.  The reason I gave it 3 stars is because when you fold it back to read, it turns off because the cover triggers the wake/sleep mechanism.  The makers of Roocase, also a nice case if you don't mind leather/pleather around the screen, fixed this problem by placing a metal disc in the case so that it will not turn off when the front is folded backwards.  Poetic needs to do this, as well.  I also bought the Poetic case that is a stand, and for that purpose, it is great.  There is no fold back problem with that model.  I have had the case for about a month.
R123M96JL0B8P4	adjudicated	2	Sturdy-ish construction and definitely whisper quite. Also leaves a cool light pattern on your walls. Does not cool as well as I would like, unfortunately. Also extra USB ports are handy.
R2OCSY8X8AJ1SL	adjudicated	4	I just purchased this mouse after having used a Razer Lachesis for the past 2-3 years. I was excited to try it out, and really wanted to like it, but I was unfortunately disappointed in it.<br /><br />I'm not going to recap on all its features, as those are mostly obvious from reading the product info or many other reviews... What I will do is share my experience with it.<br /><br />From a construction stand-point, it's a very nice mouse. It feels very solid and looks very nice. The soft rubberized touch, which is common these days, feels nice. However, they did not use it on the main mouse buttons, which can make them a little slippery; and they really don't have much in the way of a texture either. Mouse glides nicely on my Razer eXactMat. Only gripe here is that the DPI adjustment buttons feel cheap and are not solid in place like all the other buttons. I do also wish the USB cable was longer. I routed it the same way as my Lachesis and it does not quite work out well. Another 8\\" to a foot would be great. Oh, and the cable is rather stiff; although that might soften up with use... EDIT: After only a few days of use, the right mouse button has loosened up and the plastic no longer is solid, now it has some wiggle and noise like the DPI buttons... After a few more days, I can feel the main left click button also loosening, soon it will make noise like the others.<br /><br />Function: During normal usage, it has very good tracking. It's lift-off distance is nice as well. However, it does have a Z-axis issue like many do. If you pick up the mouse a bit, the pointer tends to make its way towards the bottom left of the screen. (the Razer Lachesis also did this, but towards the bottom right). The main mouse buttons have a little too stiff of a click for me and while the wheel works well, to me does not have enough resistance.<br /><br />Comfort & Design: Here is where I have issues with this mouse most. While its design is heavily ergonomic... I just do not feel comfortable on it at all. I know this mouse was probably not designed for 'Fingertip Grip' users, but it also does not say its exclusively for 'Palm grippers'. I also use 'Claw grip' from time to time and I could not comfortably use this grip at all on this; my hand sort of just slides right off the back-end... The mouse is rather long and I find it actually gets in the way. --The thumb rest feels odd to say the least; almost like you should have your hand sort of twisted for it sit comfortably. There is a harder edge in the thumb rest near the back end that just rubs me the wrong way, literally. Normal resting position does not feel right on the thumb rest. Location of the back and forward buttons, while being in a common spot did not jive with me cause of needing to move the thumb up a reasonable amount to hit them... It definitely does not make it easy to access them quickly while gaming. ---Due to my grip style, fingertip, I often pick up the mouse and move it a smidgen. Problem here is, there is almost no grip on the right side of the mouse at all. My ring-finger and pinky have nothing to grip onto. The mouse does not feel secure in my hand if I go to pick it up; in-fact a few times, it has slipped out.<br /><br />Software: The drivers installed easily and seem to be easy enough to get working. The main control panel is a little cluttered and some text is very tiny; but it's all very functional. I'd say they did a pretty decent job on this. However, I don't know how they are doing with support as I do not see any recent driver updates or any firmware available. Which is not a problem as long as there is no issues with performance; which I can say has been fine.<br /><br />Bottom line: A high quality mouse that seemingly works best with palm grip, but I'm unsure of what shape of hands it was designed for... Ergonomics seemed confused, especially by the contour of the thumb-rest.<br /><br />Looks as if I'm still on the quest of my ideal mouse. I might have to invest inthe newer version of the Razer Lachesis as that is the best mouse I've used to date, with my prior favorites being the Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer series. Might give the customizable R.A.T. 7 a try, but it is rather pricey... May also try the Logitech G9x, though doubt I will like the position of the back and forward buttons on that either. ...May have to stick with Razer to keep the direct in thumb contact back/forward buttons and the 'on-the-fly' on screen display sensitivity adjustment (which I use a heck of a lot more than profiles and is a great addition to the normal DPI adjustment).<br /><br />EDIT 3/18/11: Despite the buttons loosening and bothering me, I tried and tried to like this mouse. Removing all of the weights helps the feel a little bit for me, but it's still too long of a mouse and the weight is not well balanced... All the weight feels like it's in the rear, even without the weights installed. I've been gaming with it and I definitely feel as if this mouse inhibits my performance from my old mouse the Razer Lachesis... When I go to use the back/forward buttons (Which have the best feeling click on the mouse), I feel like I lose control over the mouse due to the grip of the mouse. The front of the mouse is much narrower than the middle/rear and it creates a very strange way to grip... When you go to press a back or forward button with your thumb while gaming, it feels as if you lose all of your grip on the left side of the mouse since the buttons are located so close to the top.<br /><br />I have since decided to purchase the Cyborg R.A.T. 7 mouse and give that a shot. So far, I'm liking the R.A.T. a whole lot better than this Sentinel. It's got a much more solid feel in the build, I like the click of all the buttons better, and it's surprisingly comfortable... I will be doing a review of this mouse soon too after I get more testing in...best mouse I've used to date, with my prior favorites being the Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer series. Might give the customizable R.A.T. 7 a try, but it is rather pricey... May also try the Logitech G9x, though doubt I will like the position of the back and forward buttons on that either. ...May have to stick with Razer to keep the direct in thumb contact back/forward buttons and the 'on-the-fly' on screen display sensitivity adjustment (which I use a heck of a lot more than profiles and is a great addition to the normal DPI adjustment).    EDIT 3/18/11: Despite the buttons loosening and bothering me, I tried and tried to like this mouse. Removing all of the weights helps the feel a little bit for me, but it's still too long of a mouse and the weight is not well balanced... All the weight feels like it's in the rear, even without the weights installed. I've been gaming with it and I definitely feel as if this mouse inhibits my performance from my old mouse the Razer Lachesis... When I go to use the back/forward buttons (Which have the best feeling click on the mouse), I feel like I lose control over the mouse due to the grip of the mouse. The front of the mouse is much narrower than the middle/rear and it creates a very strange way to grip... When you go to press a back or forward button with your thumb while gaming, it feels as if you lose all of your grip on the left side of the mouse since the buttons are located so close to the top.    I have since decided to purchase the Cyborg R.A.T. 7 mouse and give that a shot. So far, I'm liking the R.A.T. a whole lot better than this Sentinel. It's got a much more solid feel in the build, I like the click of all the buttons better, and it's surprisingly comfortable... I will be doing a review of this mouse soon too after I get more testing in...
R1BXWVWTM1DVLA	adjudicated	4	This probably works fine for what it's supposed to be for, so I'll give it 3 stars since I still need a charger for my iPhone and have this item, which I'll keep rather than hassle with returns.  I had 2 starts, but the seller was nice enough to set me straight a bit on it.  If you just need it as a hub and not a charger, I'm sure it's great.  So here's the deal:<br /><br />If you want to charge an iPhone - forget it.  If you want to charge an iPad - I guess you can if it's not turned on, then it will limit current (fine with me as long as it works.)  I wish that would have been spelled out it a little less wonkish than...<br /><br />\\"This is a standard USB 2.0 hub, requiring a host computer to be attached and on to charge devices at the USB 2.0 max 500mA rate. Has no special support for Apple extensions for charging iPad/iPod at higher rate\\"<br /><br />FROM SELLER, FYI:<br />The Plugable USB 2.0 10 Port Hub is a standard USB 2.0 Hub and not a device charging station. The primary function of a standard USB 2.0 Hub is to provide an option to connect multiple USB 2.0 devices to an upstream computer through a single inbuilt USB port on the system. It is not a product intended to charge any devices and will only provide up to 500mA of power to downstream devices (to be able to power up and communicate with the computer) when an upstream computer is connected and on. In other words, it is not the right product for your need.<br /><br />Like all standard USB 2.0 Hubs it does not support proprietary charging of Apple iPhone/iPod/iPad devices at non-standard rates. What this means is that it does not have special support for Apple proprietary charging, beyond the 500mA rate which is standard for USB 2.0. This means iPads will only trickle charge, and only when the iPad is turned off (if turned on, the iPad will report \\"Not Charging\\"). For iPods, iPhones, and other devices, it will charge only at the standard 500mA rate.<br /><br />Apple has their own pseudo-extensions to charge their devices like the iPad at higher amperage (2.1A).  This hub (or any standard USB 2.0 hub) is intended to be used to plug in standard USB 2.0 devices. These devices do not expect to receive more that 500mA of USB bus power. Providing higher amperage of power is against USB 2.0 specifications since it could damage the connected devices..1A).  This hub (or any standard USB 2.0 hub) is intended to be used to plug in standard USB 2.0 devices. These devices do not expect to receive more that 500mA of USB bus power. Providing higher amperage of power is against USB 2.0 specifications since it could damage the connected devices.
R3QBKA95MAEN2P	adjudicated	0	IT IS OK, I GUESS, IT WAS A GIFT AND I HAVEN'T HEARD ANYTHING BAD YET, WHY ARE YOU USING MY P/W? STOP SO MUCH MAIL, IF I NEED SOMETHING I WILL LET YOU KNOW. THANKS.
RSJ75TKL9LDAE	adjudicated	2	laptop is nice and would love it , but only had it 3 days and while playing WOW it keeps blue screening with the error {driver power state failure}, then updates for 30 min fails at 99% then spends the next hour uninstalling changes. considering returning it for refund:( however I think its probably more of a OS issue than Asus
R3M5BT39D6S6W1	adjudicated	1	Very nice!! Came fast just when u turn it off at the top it doesn't sleep and comes back on. Came new!
RIGFHRWG2WDWF	adjudicated	3	Features, lots.  All kinds of configuration options.  Seems to do everything reliably.  Has rack mount ears you can attach and that makes it easy to screw it underneath a shelf so it isn't just flapping around.  Comes with 4 cables but the longest is 6 feet and that's not as long as it sounds.  I had to rearrange a couple CPUs to make it fit.<br /><br />The bad thing.  Video resolution and contrast is NOTICEABLY worse with the KVM installed and a lot worse than the Trendnet 2-port I'm replacing.  Have not decided whether I want to return it yet.  Too expensive to have that kind of problem with only 4 feet of cable.
R3T5YFZB26U536	adjudicated	1	The iPad air makes this cover top heavy, the pad flips easily.
R16IY1IN99S558	adjudicated	3	I agree with another reviewer that the Roocase and Fintie are both very good and very close; the choice between the two is personal.  Both use the magnetic mechanism to hold the case closed and turn the Paperwhite on and off. The Roocase is a little larger but slightly thinner and has a tapered profile that slides better into the briefcase, while the Fintie is more boxy. My personal preference was the Roocase and I returned the other two.<br /><br />The Built trails the above two because it lacks the magnetic activation. It's a simpler case with an elastic strap to hold the case closed. The switch of the Paperwhite is a little hard to press so the magnetic activation is a big plus IMO.<br /><br />As far as the weight is concerned the three are very close: Built 3.8 oz, Fintie 3.5 oz and Roocase 3.4 oz. All three are synthetic which is a plus for someone like me who is into animal welfare. IMO the Roocase also has the best feel for holding, with a soft padded feel. I was not aware of any bad smells from the Roocase as some have mentioned.<br /><br />In summary I recommend the Roocase or Fintie over the Built, and my personal choice was the Roocase. I shall also cross-post this review.
R3KSR1LNBPJM7E	adjudicated	2	The sound quality on these headphones is good.  The microphone audio sounds good according to the people I game with.  Deducted one star because they make my ears sore after about 4 hours, and another star because the microphone doesn't move.  I had a previous headset that would allow me to swivel the microphone up out of my face when not in use and that action would automatically mute the mic; I miss that functionality.<br /><br />At some point over the next 12 months this will get replaced with a more robust, more comfortable headset but for moderate use they fit the bill at a descent price.
ROA6BRHUQ77KQ	adjudicated	1	IT IS OK FOR MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS. IT IS HANDY AND VERY PORTABLE. IT IS COMPACT. PERFECT FOR TRAVEL USER. OK
R3HEYSCXY2XQG9	adjudicated	3	I was so excited to get this case...it is stylish, protective & had a great kickstand...( which is why I chose this case)...until the kickstand broke after 3-4 weeks! The case is still great, but I wanted a case with a kickstand. If there is any way to get a replacement kickstand I would be very pleased. With a working kickstand this case would have 5 stars! After going back and forth with the seller, I was sent a new case. It took much longer than it should have (so I deduct a star for that), but in the end I am satisfied. I did receive a different case than originally ordered. I really would have been happier with just a replacement kick-stand but I feared it too would break.
RVYFCD25B1KYC	adjudicated	2	Was disappointed in this product and found it rather pricey for both quality of sound and cheaper construction. The little bag accompanying the ear buds was extremely small.
R1T8A4WIP2JH1S	adjudicated	2	The reader itself is great and no complaint with initial supply of reader, charger and cables to Spain. However my charger to Kindle USB cable failed and Amazon will not ship a replacement. The USB micro plug appears to be a non standard type and is proving difficult to source. Non-US/UK buyers beware!
RUMGFKZVY6WF7	adjudicated	0	Turns out it's the wrong cable.
R2MO0Q5W6GDVSQ	adjudicated	1	Other consumers looking for a product like this need to know they may need to make some modification. It does not fit the Galaxy  Note 10.1. But after the modification it works well enough.
R1CR7YHLUQW9U4	adjudicated	3	The product was so-so, heres some pros and cons.   Pros: battery life-great mobility capabilities without being stuck to the wall.   Simplicity -very easy to get used to and figure out.  price- very affordable compared to others.   Sd slots- 2 slots allow for additional storage when compared to Standard single slots.   Size/weight- love the large 10\\" screen and lightweight feature    Cons: performance -a bit slow and occasionally restarts to\\"hd mode\\" over and over.   Sound/speakers- goes with performance, sound/speakers stop working after an hr or so and requires restart to fix, very annoying   quality-when compared to leading android devices this \\"super\\" pad is cheaply put together with hard/software obviously not from America (or to an American Standard) at least as can be told from performance issues.     Thats my opinion of this product, if its quality you are looking for and price isnt a factor i say go with the xoom or ipad, but if ur budget is tight and ur just looking for something to surf the web or listen to music or videos on a plane, until the speakers give out anyway, then go with this. 3 out of 5 stars.
R34EHUFVPSEMCF	adjudicated	1	slides around on the strap and does not have anything to keep it from slipping off your shoulder.
R1MQKTUAWKNJCN	adjudicated	3	I agree with the other reviewers that this item is WAY OVERPRICED. However, having the cut-out for the charging cord is very convenient.<br /><br />The two metal pieces, once put together, are VERY HARD to disassemble without seriously scratching the rubberized surfaces, making portability or travel a bit difficult.<br /><br />So far,  I am using mine at the kitchen table as I read--mainly to prevent any accidental spills from reaching the Kindle--which was my only reason for getting this device.<br /><br />If I could find another LESS EXPENSIVE alternative, I would return the stand immediately. Finding none, this fulfills its' function nicely. I do think another, regular book holder or stand might also work, but haven't found any that would adequately accommodate the power cord when attached to the Kindle.<br /><br />The price is the biggest drawback on this device. Not worth the price, and I may yet return because of that reason... As a result, I am still hunting for a viable alternative. If I find one within the Amazon 30-day return policy limit, back it goes!!
R3M4S9FIMNYCMN	adjudicated	1	Don't really like how you can't use the tablet for playing games when this case is on. Also it died on my very fast.
R2J3K8PZDAP0WG	adjudicated	1	I spent over an hour choosing a bag for my brand-new Dell laptop, which measures 17x11 inches.  This bag, at 18 x 15 x 5 inches according to Amazon, seemed to fit the bill.    Unfortunately, Amazon's description is wrong.  When my laptop wouldn't fit, I measured the bag, and found it's barely 17 inches on the outside.  There's a Targus hang tag that gives exterior dimensions at 17x13.78x6.5 and laptop compartment at 16.5 inches, which seems accurate, so I don't know why Amazon has wrong dimensions.  Yes, I've reported the bad description.    I'm going on a trip tonight and now I can't take my new laptop, so I'm pretty unhappy with Amazon.  PLUS, I have to start all over and hope that the next bag I order from Amazon will be accurately described.  (There's no selection locally for my size laptop.)    Don't pay any attention to the stars -- Amazon's site wouldn't accept this review unless I put *something*.
R1PC14G5QTX2JZ	adjudicated	1	Cables are cables, though after about a month of use I wish they had stress-free jackets...
R3EJYIYLFA03EK	adjudicated	1	Its working smooth but roller wheel is beeing stuck some times and it consumes a lot of battery. It doesn't worth it.
R2AUVLJB10H7UJ	adjudicated	3	3/5 because this reader processes extremely slloooow.  Have fun if you want to place a large library onto this.  Another thing is if you would like to put music on this reader, forget about it.  I put 10 mp3s on it and the unit froze every time I tried playing them.  Then I reduced it to 1 mp3 to see if it could process that.  No luck, it froze every time.  In conclusion, if you do not care about music capabilities, online connectivity, and have learned some patience, this is a decent, simple little reader.  It can read several formats, easily change font size and orientation, and can store thousands of books with an SD card.  You can go to your SD windows explorer and create folders to drag your book collection into.  This makes it easier to navigate to what you are looking for.  I now enjoy reading on this item after understanding its limitations.
RQEB75OCLA7WH	adjudicated	1	the operating system is good. It is a handy piece of hardware.<br /><br />The reason it is not five stars is because it gets really laggy whe too many windows are open.
R1IU4HTEVFJ5ZA	adjudicated	2	Product is pretty good, but a good product alone could never gain 5 stars without good documentations and fool-proof quick start guide. Fact is the document that comes with the product is worst than none.    Anyway, I set it up after quite some hack work. My old HP deskjet 970Cxi works great via the LPT port, but I could never get my HP LaserJet 1000 printing on the USB port of the print server. So if you have an HP laser USB type, beware!    Is there anybody who knows how to make HP LaserJet USB printer work with this print server? Please kindly give us some advise here!
R26Z5VA8JHPN0Q	adjudicated	2	I LIKE THE QUALITY AND LOOK OF THIS CASE FOR MY IPAD MINI.<br /><br />BUT SOMETIMES WHEN TRYING TO MOVE ICONS FROM ONE SCREEN TO ANOTHER I FEEL LIKE THE COVER AROUND THE IPAD SCREEN GETS IN THE WAY AND ITS A LITTE ANNOYING TO COMPLETE THE TASK.<br /><br />I RECOMMEND SNUGG TO FIX THIS IN THE NEXT VERSION OF THE CASE.
R16WD0EKFQ2ZD7	adjudicated	1	I really like the 3 fans that you can configure however you like, but the bar on the bottom in back is very uncomfortable. I bunch up a blanket so it doesn't dig into my legs.
R3T371M7SYYDG6	adjudicated	1	It's clear alright - colored is better. I found out that it has a long STAIN from my Orange iPad Cover.
RMI90CSRTQE8I	adjudicated	2	It looked very nice but didn't charge the device I bought it for( a playstation remote). Maybe it was just compatibility problem
R19KRQ3OIKRB3U	adjudicated	1	So far it has protected the device from several drops and saves the battery because my son forgets to turn it off
R2JD716IK0LEVK	adjudicated	2	I was disappointed with my purchase because  \\"red\\" is really \\"pink\\" and the cover did not come with a stand as shown.  It is only the silicon protective backing :-(
R2P05TVEQ5ALJ7	adjudicated	1	This tablet is great for the price, but the only complaint I have about it is the battery life lasts about two hours.
R1C8I4ZWYLKMAJ	adjudicated	2	It's OK... yes, that's it.. no more.<br /><br />If you're looking for an ANDROID device,, it works.<br /><br />BUT IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR AN LINUX BASE (ie UBUNTU...) NO!!!!!<br /><br />I took me more than 4 hours to make it run.. and... it's a very small Ubuntu, w/o wifi, if you want HDMI, so you dont have VGA, if you want WGA, so you don't have HDMI... SUCKS!<br /><br />No support, no drivers, nothing at all!!<br /><br />PLEASE MR VENDOR,,, respond mails!!! get some coverage to customers!! upgrade your platforma,,, respond blogs!!!
R3L1K6KV3LL1FE	adjudicated	2	Pros: I was really happy when it arrived, the quality of the keyboard was good.<br />Cons: The case was too loose for my Nexus 7 and the stylus was the wrong kind. Even with that i was going to keep it just for the keyboard but then it started not working, I don't know if it was the micro otg cable adapter or the keyboard itself, so i just got a refund.The seller answered the claim really fast too.
R16CDVAFK0W0GL	adjudicated	2	The Case Logic laptop bag for a 13 inch is okay.  The bag is stiff.  The zipper is a little hard to fully zip.  You really have to tug on it to zip up all the way.  The bag does fit my 13 inch MacBook Pro perfectly. When I put my wall charger and extension cord in the front compartment, its kind of small, it would have been better if it was a little bigger.     But in all honestly, the bag did its job.  I just wish it was a little bigger and that the zipper wasn't such a pain.
R1ZSSSSGCJY8D5	adjudicated	1	Had to buy it, because my new Macbook Pro has a differently-shaped magsafe plug-in thingy from the old ones...so my nifty car charger plug-in thingy was no longer compatible. Enter this little adaptor, which does the trick and stays firmly connected to the car charger...but which I hated to have to buy (especially for the price I paid! WOW!)--but alas, that is the lot of those of us who insist on using Apple products. *sigh*<br /><br />So three stars not for the product itself--which works great--but for the fact that it had to be purchased, and that it's a little pricey for such a small dealie-bob.
R26UQ3TQAWBTY8	adjudicated	1	I was rebuilding an old work station.  It's possible when I updated a controller driver, it created a conflict, but it was the correct update.  This system was running Windows 7 32 Bit and 64 Bit.  I could get the Floppy and the USB to work, but could not get the Card Readers to work.  I could get Windows to see the Slots.  Windows loaded a Generic Driver for those Slots, but when I put a card in, it could not see the Data.  I contacted Bytecc, first they said maybe something wrong with the unit.  I bought the first on Amazon for about $12, I returned that one as defective, then ordered a second.  The second one cost about $30.  I had the same problem with that as well and returned it.  I found a used Floppy on Amazon, ordered that, then bought the Sabrent 75-1 Reader and installed them both and everything worked fine.  I see now there is a Sabrent Floppy and 68-1 Card reader combo.  May want to start with that and forget about the Bytecc unit if you want to run Windows 7 or 8.
R3PPXW6S5Q3F4Y	adjudicated	1	Other than reformatting the laptop because win8 is terrible the laptop is good for basic web searches and such.  Do not expect a super computer because it is not such.  The good is that it has a super easy to the touch keyboard and the screen has pretty good brightness and also good resolution.
R3O3PYOJ5DTBON	adjudicated	1	Its a micro SD chip. It holds the max storage most phones/devices can accomodate. It works. Nuff' said.<br /><br />PS: It's tiny, don't lose it.<br /><br />UPDATE: Chip died a few months after purchase, this is the first time I've had this happen with a SanDisk chip but it was disappointing.
R2CILNEBSUW4LA	adjudicated	3	* UPDATE BELOW  - AFTER Win 8.1 *<br />I bought this mouse to replace an uncomfortable Wedge mouse on a new MS Surface Pro.  As mentioned elsewhere, it does not come with install software which proved a problem.  The mouse is fairly large, but comfortable.  I paired the Bluetooth connection and added the device.  The tablet occasionally failed to see the mouse and had to be restarted.  Last update for the SP, the tablet failed to see the mouse.  I followed MS generic instructions, deleted the mouse and tried to add it again.  It \\"discovered\\" the mouse but failed to re add it.  Windows 8 adds Bluetooth devices at least four different ways and I tried all of them.  MS's trouble shooting support for this mouse is terrible, almost non existent.  Their ask for support page froze, perhaps incompatible with MS Win 8?<br /><br />Now I have a non-functional MS Win8 mouse and I don't know if the fault is the MS mouse, MS Win8, or the MS computer.  The MS store is 2 hours away.<br /><br />I will update this review if the next tablet update corrects the problem, or MS eventually fixes their support while I am still trying to get it to work.<br /><br />**********<br />Oct 22 Update<br /><br />I installed win 8.1 on the SP, deleted the wedge mouse and attempted to reinstall the Sculpt Comfort Mouse and it worked.  Given the earlier experience, I have no confidence how long it will continue to work, but it is much easier to use than the Wedge mouse at this point.  I upgraded the rating from 1 to 3 stars.  If it keeps working I might up it again.<br /><br />************<br />Sep 2014 Update<br /><br />SYNCING SECRET<br /><br />I am now using this with a Surface Pro 3.<br /><br />Had problem syncing BT AGAIN.  After some searching, found undocumented secret that:<br /><br />1.  You should start the bluetooth syncing on the mouse before starting seeking bluetooth devices on the computer, AND,<br />2.  KEEP HOLDING DOWN THE BT BUTTON on the mouse till the computer finds it.<br /><br />Worked great.
R3ON7B12HSNGGN	adjudicated	2	I purchased this bag for my Lenovo X1 carbon laptop. It is well constructed but is not really big enough to hold everything I need to bring along with my laptop. I need to carry a mouse plus a bag of dongles for VGA and Ethernet plus my power chord. Combine that with some papers and I am often struggling to get everything to fit in well.
R4S7UKZ4ZOXED	adjudicated	0	worked reat fixed my issiues
R3N3PRBFFM64ZN	adjudicated	2	My only real complaint about this mouse, is that when you have to plug it in to charge it. While corded the wire constantly drags and makes it much more difficult to move the mouse across the pad. They could have at least had the plug in section not be flush to the bottom of the mouse.<br /><br />As far as wireless itself goes, this mouse is great! no issues with response times or buttons not working properly (I did have to return the first one because of a side button not really clicking when pressed).<br /><br />I recommend trying it in a store or if your friend has it (both wireless and plugged) before deciding on purchasing.
R30MRUII1CQKS3	adjudicated	4	It's between 2 stars (I don't like it) and 3 stars (it's OK).  I bought it on the strength of the NY Times story and paid about $90 including shipping for the red version. For $9.24 shipping it came UPS Ground from the west coast, in 8 days from placing the order.<br /><br />I've been using the Ematic for a day or so. It works; it does many things well or at least OK, but it's slow, very slow.<br /><br />Pluses:It's got mostly intuitive controls. It runs android apps. I like the integration with google applications and syncing with same on my other devices. It runs a Sonos app which is a big plus for us since we have it at our home.  (I tried a Samsung Chromebook; it won't run sonos as of early May 2013.)  Another plus is the Kindle app you download.  It lets me read the same books I have on a separate kindle, on ematic.  It works really well.<br /><br />Cons:  Slow, frustratingly slow, esp using the chrome browser.  The touch screen really lags in chrome; can be several seconds or more; especially frustrating when typing.  I wind up pressing several times and waiting.  There's no sensitivity controls for the touch screen that I can find.  I looked for them after learning the screen does not always respond to my taps. In some instances I find myself pushing on the screen rather than tapping since it appears not to respond. When typing, it frequently enters a foreign alphabet character, like an accented e or o.  I tried to see if Firefox would run faster than chrome.  I downloaded FF and got a format \\"not supported\\" message.  Not a surprise, but want to note that it runs android not other formats.  Screen contrast and sharpness are marginal.<br /><br />As others have mentioned, its not bad for having around the house as a tool to run a timer, do a quick check on mail or the net, read a book, etc.  Take it on a trip or use as a main device?  Not for me.<br /><br />You get what you pay for in this case. It's an inexpensive tablet. It works.  You'll probably be frustrated, as I am after only one day.  I'd suggest paying more and getting more.<br /><br />3 week update:<br />May 24, 2013:  I've been using it for 3 weeks now.  I would return it if I could.  Works well as a kindle reader, Sonos controller, and some android games.  As a browser its so slow, its useless or freezes completely.  Available storage is so limited I continually get out of memory system notices. No idea how to remedy them, maybe buy a memory card? That wipes out the advantage of low price?  Won't really run other android apps like NYTimes, Wall St Journal, etc.  Just freezes.<br /><br />Can anyone else who bought one comment on speed, freezes, etc?  Did I get a lemon or is this just not an adequate tablet beyond the reader and sonos functions?ed, as I am after only one day.  I'd suggest paying more and getting more.<br /><br />3 week update:<br />May 24, 2013:  I've been using it for 3 weeks now.  I would return it if I could.  Works well as a kindle reader, Sonos controller, and some android games.  As a browser its so slow, its useless or freezes completely.  Available storage is so limited I continually get out of memory system notices. No idea how to remedy them, maybe buy a memory card? That wipes out the advantage of low price?  Won't really run other android apps like NYTimes, Wall St Journal, etc.  Just freezes.<br /><br />Can anyone else who bought one comment on speed, freezes, etc?  Did I get a lemon or is this just not an adequate tablet beyond the reader and sonos functions?
R2I6AXGEMABNP6	adjudicated	2	This is my first ultrabook and my first no-HDD laptop so I don't have references to compare with. The laptop works fine, starts very fast, but does not perform as fast as I expected for a new top line product. Perhaps this is how solid state units behave, but my Outlook feels as &#34;heavy&#34; as it felt in my previous 5-year old Toshiba with 7200 rpm HDD. Maybe my e-mail folders are simply too big.<br /><br />Anyways, life is indeed better with a very very lightweight and ver very thin laptop. It has great looks. Performance is below my expectations though.<br /><br />Oh, and Windows 8 is something I really don't enjoy.
R9LK7VZTL4VDU	adjudicated	2	The tablet is good value and has a good screen with HD quality look.<br />The sound is impressive for its size.<br />I didn't try the camera yet but it has good specs.<br />However the apps are quite awful - compared to my LG android smart phone!<br />Turning off the keyboard typing sound was hidden and difficult to find.<br />The Gallery and Music apps do not recognize media I put on the SD card.<br />The Music app does not show the folders so I had to create playlists instead only to find that I have to add songs one by one because it does not support multi select!<br />The Google Docs does not support Hebrew bi directional text.<br />Note app is missing.<br />These are the issues I ran into in one week...
R2X3K4Y48FFIZK	adjudicated	2	I bought this cable to use with my mid 2009 macbook pro.  The cable works as it is supposed to and displays great video.  However if you own a Macbook Pro pre 2010 like I do you will have to find another source for audio instead of this adapter+HDMI.  Otherwise this is cheap and works.
R3RQQKU54DBR58	adjudicated	1	This fan can only be mounted in one direction. That direction is to blow out. As for the PST function. It works great on the none pro versions of this fan.
RSGM4GWHLB55	adjudicated	0	Well worth the money!
R31243EAFPWD8I	adjudicated	1	There's too much space left which is actually uncomfortable when carrying your computer inside. The design is nice, but this sleeve is only for 16inches computers, which I don't know if they exist...
RYTTLCHSD3XWH	adjudicated	3	While the tablet itself works fine, the process to getting it there is tiresome at best. I've used the same Wacom Bamoo Fun tablet for well over 8 years before the pressure sensitivity went out. Being an avid digital artist- and a full time animation student- I knew it was time to buy a replacement. However, I'm not sure if going the cheap route was the best idea.<br />My biggest problem with this tablet is the fact that when you boot up your computer, it doesn't recognize the software. It will constantly tell you 'Tablet Driver not found' or 'please reboot your system.' If I didn't have the knowledge of computers I did, I'd think my tablet was broken. Until you go under Services (click browse under your menu and type this in) and restart the service for wacom a couple of times the tablet is useless. Having to do this /every single time/ you start your computer can be very, very tiresome. The pressure sensitivity is a little wonky, but usable once you get used to it.<br />If it wasn't for these start up issues it would be a nice little tablet. However I can't in my right mind give it a five star review, or even a four, because of these issues. Good for casual or beginning artists, not so good for students or professionals... or people without patience.
R2IV0VQLVPSD5I	adjudicated	4	This review is from: ASUS N550JK-DS71T 15.6-Inch Touchscreen Laptop (Personal Computers)<br />I recieved my Asus last night. I had originally ordered the new Lenovo y50, but my shipping date was moved back by 2 months... needed something now. This was my runner up while looking for the perfect laptop. It's sleak, had a dedicated GFX card that didn't TOTALLY suck, and the price was right.<br /><br />Pros:<br /><br />Great keyboard. I would have rather seen a black version, but it types well and the back light is nice. Very happy.<br /><br />Battery Life is good for a multimedia laptop. The Asus got me through my workday, mostly Excel and some Word. Still using now that I'm back home. 8 hours of on and off use and counting? I'd guestemate 4-5 continuous.<br /><br />Although I do most of my gaming on my desktop, performance of this notebook is pretty good. I was playing Bioshock Infinite last night with Nvidia's Geforce Experience calculated settings. It looked damn good. The y50's 560 has DDR5, which makes it much, much faster.... but I'm settling as this is the first time I'm happy with a slower gfx card. Games in general really don't require a $2k, ugly laptop anymore to look and perform well. Thank both better hardware, and MUCH more efficient game engines.<br /><br />Cons:<br /><br />Poor audio - The reviews were right. Bang & Olufsen should be ashamed of themselves. The speakers are sloppy, and tinny at times. The subwoofer is required to get even close to a decent sound spectrum, and the unit is terrible. There is also terrible distortion at mid-volume Red Hot Chili Peppers. How and why? What's gonna happen when I turn on some QOTSA? I will admit, I feel mine might not functioning properly, as no sound comes out of the front right section of the speaker grill, but I haven't researched the speaker layout.<br /><br />Screen is wonderful for games, terrible for text. - Text appears fuzzy, much like the HP envy series if you have seen those. Color is warm by default. Why are companies cheaping out on 1080p screens? 1440p and beyond is the new thing, why the hell haven't they perfected 1080p? It's been mass market for a while now....<br /><br />The touchpad isn't great, but I am coming from a macbook pro. For PC laptops, it's just decent.<br /><br />5400rpm HD? \\"insert harsh expletive\\" you, Asus. I take this as an insult as a consumer. I replaced the hard drive on day 1 with a Samsung 840 250gb drive I bought on black friday.<br /><br />Overall I am satisfied. The computer feels and performs like a high end machine should. Fast processor, enough memory for nearly everything most will do, and great general build quality. I wish my speakers worked/sound better...I usually use headphones with my laptop anyway, not a huge deal. If this model was $100 less, I would recommend it to anyone. For those of you who can wait, the Lenovo y50 is looking to be this year's best 1-1.5k laptop.<br /><br />UPDATE: Amazon was kind enough to swap the machine for me. Unfortunately, I have confirmed Asus quality control issues. The 2nd unit had the same exact problem with the speakers. I took the bottom cover off and put my ear right up to the speaker cones. No sound. Only one cone activates, just like my last one. ALSO this second unit's DVD drive protrudes from the case, which scares the heck out of me. Since it has a metal edge, I am worried it will get caught on something and break the drive and or outside case. I'm going to use for a few days and see if I end up really caring about these issues... everything else is stellar. I may return this to amazon for good.
R1R816QSANW4C0	adjudicated	2	I really like the lighted keyboard and the larger letters and numbers.  I do not like the cramped set up as it makes it difficult to hit the correct key for the desired function.  It would be better if it was standard sized.
R31EB9AIKP4JXB	adjudicated	0	I made the incorrect assumption that this adapter was made to convert older Lenovo 90W 20V AC Adapters (round plug) into the new 90W 20V rectangular male plug.  I have since returned the adapters.
R2R1LJOVTPNLOC	adjudicated	0	You get what you pay for.
RKD8SZE67AMA9	adjudicated	1	This hub is not powered and does a fine job for mice, flash drives and other underpowered devices. But does not work with scanners, external drive etc. It has an adapter hole for a power adapter, but even Belkin doesn't sell it. I had no luck locating one on the web.
R2DFMMJKFL9ECU	adjudicated	2	This review is for anyone that is a non-techy person with an old printer that they are trying to configure to work wirelessly.  First off, this print server is NOT wireless in that it needs to be connected to your router via an ethernet cable. Once setup, you can print wireless to your printer. Second, once you get it working, it does what it is suppose to do.  I think this product would be closer to 5 stars if the setup was easier for the non technical person.<br /><br />Before ordering this, I did check the printer compatability on the TP-Link website.  Prior to beginning setup, you need to find out what your wireless router IP address including the Default Gateway, and the subnet.  You also should find out your IPv4 start address and end address.  It is fairly simple by typing in cmd in the Run area and then ipconfig/all at the prompt but check google for clearer instructions.  So with all this information, I began my setup per the instructions in the box and with the CD provided.<br /><br />I set the IP address for the print server to fall between my start and end address. Made sure my Mask matched my subnet address and the Gateway address agreed to my wireless router which is an AT&T Moto NVG510. Everything went great and VOILA! - I couldn't print - even though my laptop showed that my document was printing, etc..<br /><br />With that I went back to the drawing board.  Printed out the 60 page manual found on the TP Link website, tested my printer with the USB cable, changed out my ethernet cable. Still Nothing.<br /><br />So, I followed the instructions in section 3.4.2 &#34;if you never install a printer before&#34; (starting on page 32 of the manual). For this you do need to know the Print Servers IP Address; Mask; and Gateway which you should have written down when you went through the installation process with the installation CD.  and VOILA!  The printer NOW prints flawlessly.  It is located next the router (still plugged into the router) and I am printingfrom my laptop on another floor.  My only hangup in following the section 3.4.2 instructions was when it came to the question if this will be a &#34;shared&#34; printer.  The documentation did not address this but I had read somewhere that in order for the printer server to work as a printer server it needed at least 1 shared printer.  So I had selected &#34;yes&#34; for shared printer.<br /><br />Now that all is well on my laptop, I needed to setup my husbands.  In my mind, I felt that I had setup a network printer and therefore when I went to &#34;add&#34; a printer, that I should select a &#34;network or wireless&#34; printer.  When I did this and after the windows search for network printers did not show it, I just gave up and on HIS laptop followed again the instructions contained under section 3.4.2 &#34;If You Never Install A Printer&#34; and did exactly what I had done to my laptop.  HIS now is printing so far without any problem.<br /><br />I am sure that the steps that I took are not the best to get this to work but as I am a Non-Techy, I was happy that they worked - especially as I probably would have returned the product rather than calling TP Link's tech support. Again, I would have given this closer to a 5 star rating as I am so glad to have my HP LaserJet 2100 working wirelessly without having to connect up to it to print. And for the $30+ dollars, my printer now has a second life out of the office and I no longer need to shudder when I print the 60 page manual as this HP printer can handle it with a breeze.<br /><br />Again, I am not sure what I initially did wrong.  Or why it would not print after the setup.. but in the end, here was my solution.  Hopefully this will  help some other non technical person.
R1N0HFHRZC7UBU	adjudicated	1	A good price flash drive for data but transfer speed for video is slow. I would recommend this flash drive for data only.For video its to slow.
R2CQPHVDSVFV6S	adjudicated	1	Seems to be an adequate product, but this Anker proved too frustrating for me to install and I returned it.  Laptopmate was kind enough to send me the other Anker (see Anker® Compact Wireless-N Wi-Fi Repeater) which they said would be easier. See that product page for continued story. Hint: the Compact has WPS, this one doesn't.
R10LILLSXV0XYJ	adjudicated	3	The fan itself is great but the usb ports in the back are a very poor design.  I've had quite a few laptop coolers and they all failed me because of the usb cords they would always bend at the end.  I thought this one would be better but this time it wasn't the cord it was ports.  The usb cord plugs in from the back and the wide part sticks out so when I placed it down at angle it broke.  I tried to take the fan apart so I can retrieve the broken part and to clean the fans (I have two dogs and there was some fur in there) but there are hidden screws that you cant get to without poking a hole between the power and A/M button and underneath the rectangle where it tells you the temperature of your laptop.  It could have been designed better, if the ports were farther back (only the cord is visible from top view and not the wide part) and being able to take it apart without ruining the appearance.  I wouldn't recommend this unless you are really careful with it
R2NC6WJAKGN7CD	adjudicated	2	Ordered this new Dell for Christmas and have been disappointed with how slow it is running to be a new computer. After talking to Microsoft and our internet provider (GVTC) they can only suggest that I take it in and pay $400.00 because only certain people can access the programs that are slowing it down. I refuse to pay anything more and am totally not satisfied with this product. It seems to have numerous updates which needed to be installed and so far it has been more trouble than it is worth.
R1YOH5PU3J1LGT	adjudicated	1	The pictures used for this laptop are soooo misleading. If I knew that there was no webcam, I would not have bothered to purchase this. If the description of the laptop included a picture with a webcam, I expect to get one..
RZ3NQ39KHZKM1	adjudicated	3	The good:<br />The back plate fits very nicely<br />Good access to all ports and etc<br />Magnet does work but see below<br /><br />The bad:<br />Front cover should have a latch or elastic band to keep it in place.<br />Front cover can easy slide around, waking/sleeping the iPad constantly when inside a bag<br />No typewriter angle<br />In landscape, only two of the three positions are useful. iPad will slide off the bar closest to you<br /><br />The price was very good. However, I wouldn't mind spending an extra $20 for a better case that does what I want.<br />This case might work well for some.<br />Therefore, I give it 3 stars. Not bad but not good either.
R2OTR3HEGVPPZK	adjudicated	2	Worked once for about 10 minutes, then never again. Instructions followed. Device approved. Latest firmware for this piece of junk installed. Still nothing. A lot of wasted effort.<br />UPDATE.. Got it working again. Required reinstalling phone drivers that had been working fine til I used this. Product does work, but a lot of the options in the program do not. But to be fair I have raised my rating to reflect the once again working product
R1FC4EICBQYSJE	adjudicated	2	During setup, my MV2020 hung up while doing a firmware upgrade, and then would no longer boot up. After a long period of dealing with phone support, they mailed me a new HDD. Cost me a trip to FedEx and a lot of time, but did not cure the problem. After another long phone support session, they sent me a new chassis. After moving the HDD into this unit, it would boot up, but now had a different problem with the HDD. After talking with phone support yet again, they sent me another HDD. This one worked, and I have finally been able to use my unit. Nearly all of this hassle could have been avoided had they just sent me another unit as I requested in the first phone call.    Anyway, after way too much time talking on the phone and shipping components back and forth, my MV2020 now works. Needless to say, I am a bit concerned about trusting it. Time will tell.
RSK7H7N7BT8RQ	adjudicated	1	Extremely fast and durable. I am also confident that this will not open by mistake. By that same measure, it is very difficult to slide open and close. Other than that issue, it would have been a perfect product. I would recommend a different USB 3.0 drive to ANYONE else who is looking.
RUBOL2E63MGH4	adjudicated	1	Could be a little more padded to protect your laptop, especially for the price, otherwise looks very nice and quality made!
R2JF8V2N9U8EZ8	adjudicated	2	I like the burner, and use it for making archive copies of files.  I had to modify the front panel of my computer to account for the eject control.  My front panel expects a regular button, but the burner has a bigger flexible plastic piece which is quite large. and was depressed all the time when the front panel was installed.  I had to cut out a small piece of the front panel to get everything to work properly.
R2WIYG5LTPAKYU	adjudicated	2	I mostly bought this to protect the Kindle from the Oregon rain. It's probably only suitable for use with a keyboard-style Kindle, because it's too thick to allow you to use a touchscreen properly. When you press your finger down, you never really know what part of the screen the plastic of the case will touch, so you really have to take the Kindle out of the case to read anything.<br /><br />That said, it appears to be a decent watertight bag to carry the Kindle when I go camping. It has two ziplocs, and the bottom rolls up and snaps shut.<br /><br />EDIT: I've just read the other reviews, and it seems it works okay with a Kindle Paperwhite... which is not what I have. The Amazon description includes a lot of e-readers that may or may not work with this case.
R3NYMKHVRQBM0K	adjudicated	1	The sound quality on this sound is quite astonishing, but the drivers used to function this card is a relative let down in it entirety. The virtual 5.1 surround or the positional audio isn't very good and games sounded rather muddy. You're going to have to fiddle with options to get the right speakers to work and what I found to be most annoying was it does not auto-detect headphone input, which resulted in having to manually adjust to sound to the headphones. Overall, this card is great for listening to music, but sub-par when it comes to gaming.
R1KGNNKX2EB00T	adjudicated	2	My laptop's headphone jack broke so a USB sound card was the obvious choice.<br /><br />First the good:<br />Seems solidly constructed, fits snugly in the USB jack, and the flexible extension to the headphone jack is well reinforced.  If there were no sound quality issues, I would give this 5 stars.<br /><br />And the bad:<br />The sound quality is generally on par with my 13\\" Toshiba laptop native sound card (which is to say mediocre), except that there is regular electronic interference with the Amigo.  This interference is quiet but definitely audible.  At first it was aggravating and I was set on returning this to Amazon.  I didn't get around to the return and I barely notice the electronic noise anymore. I suppose I've grown accustomed to it, and the Amigo seems solid enough to last me another year until I buy a new laptop.
R3J3Y8WL5M724A	adjudicated	1	Good price.  However, it does not have the same capacity as the original.
R2PQLEENPM01BM	adjudicated	1	It does what it needs to do but it is not the greatest on the market. It also stopped working for some time and then I had to find the correct way to place the drive so that the CD would play. It works fine now.
R3QIKAEH966UNH	adjudicated	4	Overall the phone is pretty good for a version 1 product.  It has the battery life (1 1/2 hour talk time) and tendency to get hot that other reviewers mention, but these are not deal-killers for me.  The issue of most irritation is that if you leave a hotspot even momentarily (ie. go to another room that does not have good signal strength) and then return, it requires you to manually reconnect to the Wireless Access Point.  This means that as you move around your environment, you have to keep checking your phone, lest you walk through a dead-spot and it disconnects and remains disconnected once back in an area of strong signal. <br /> <br />It has a menu option for \\"Auto-connect\\" and with this checked, when you turn the phone on, it indeed auto-connects.  I called Netgear support and spent nearly an hour with a very friendly Indian man who after consulting  several supervisors eventually determined that the issue I was experiencing was simply part of the design and that I should either manually reconnect each time or toggle the power. <br /> <br />Unfortunately, for many people this will be a deal killer - since the phone will not reliably be logged in even in an area with strong signal (even if you designate that network as \\"Preferred\\" in the settings).  If you move around  - from office to office etc. (which is the point of this WIFI phone - otherwise buy a $15 USB headset) and not diligent with reconnection,  the phone ends up being disconnected more  often than connected.   <br /> <br />A major limitation on an otherwise good first attempt.  Hopefully they will release firmware that addresses this shortcoming. <br />
R1SKY8GU9GRL0Z	adjudicated	4	I ordered the cover with the new DX Kindle because I like to take care of my gadgets. While it's very cool opening a leather notebook with a Kindle inside instead of a notepad, I have to admit it was slightly disappointing.    Product Page:  . . . this official leather book cover offers optimal protection for your Kindle DX (9.7\\" Display) . . .  Comment:  There IS protection, but it's somewhat thin. I think there's a cardboard core inside it. It would be better if it were aluminum to help protect for minor strikes and bumps, or at least a substance as hard as a typical fine leather-bound book. As an example: sometimes I pick it up after closing it for a minute or two and I see the search bar on screen, indicative of the space bar being pushed through the cover while just lifting it from the bottom!    PP:  . . . This lightweight cover is perfect . . . ensures the ultimate fit and protection without adding bulk and weight.    C:  It doesn't add a lot of bulk, but it after adding a Kindle inside it will top the scales at almost 2 lbs (11 + 19 oz). I'd be ok with that if I was a little more confident in the protection it provides.    PP:  Read in Comfort  C:  This 100%. It's a much more comfortable way to hold the Kindle. I left out the rest for brevity. It's so much better to hold and read (just like a book). Due to the materials, though, I'm hopeful it doesn't wear out from general use, though. Access to all controls and jacks.     PP:  . . . patent-pending hinge system secures your Kindle to the cover . . . with a strap to keep the cover firmly closed.   C:  AARG. The hinge is really good and fairly easy to mount (and dismount if needed). I sure hope they license it out for others that might make a beefier cover. To be perfectly honest, that description dissuaded me from picking up any third party covers that, well, who knows, might actually be more of what I like and less costly. I'll admit the strap is really cool with a Amazon Kindle logo flag to help grab it. The strap material is just like the thick type used in hair bands you might find in the chain pharmacy, and the flag can be positioned anywhere along it.    Overall it's a nice product, but, I'm not sure why it costs as much as a high-quality leather-bound dead-tree book. I suppose part of the price could be considered Kindle Insurance, but at three fifths the cost it would better represent it's value.
R1PZM8RB6FLJZC	adjudicated	4	I bought this Monitor after mine started to go bad and the DVI input on it completly died.  Old monitor was a Dell Perfect Sharp 24\\" IPS LCD. I went with this Samsung after i listened to people that a TN LCD had a faster refresh rate and was better for gaming and the off axis viewing difference was negligable.....  going from an IPS to a TN, i feel they are wrong... IPS is FAR superior to a TN, and i wish i woulda saved up some money a lil longer and gone with an IPS display, but oh well...    As for this monitor, while the screen is rather nice and quite large, i think it makes a better TV then a monitor. Lack of any height adjustments, no tilt and no swivel makes this kinda hard on a person for a desktop. That is my biggest complaint, as my old Dell i could tilt, swivel, pivot, flip to portrait and adjust height to my hearts content, while this one is in one position and one position only. granted the 8 years ago that old dell cost me $1200 and this cost me just under $350 i should expect a lil downgrade in features. Also i think on a screen this size the 1920x1080 isnt quite high enough for a PC and when sitting this close to it... i woulda prefered a lil higher resolution, but that could just be me.    I know im a lil rough on this monitor, but the screen really is quite nice, in some websites if the background color is a lil different in color then the usual black or white, i can notice the off axis shading. But its really not that bad, and more of that is cuz of how my desk is set up and the monitor sits on a lil shelf on my desk.  Half-Life 2 looks pretty amazing on this screen, and Beta testing Rift looks quite awesome too. I'm using the VGA plug since this didnt come with a DVI cable (i will be changing that tho), and text looks just fine to me.    So in conclusion    Pro: price, size of screen, screen does look quite nice, comes with a remote.    Con: TN just doesnt quite measure up to an IPS screen, complete lack or ergonomic controls, 1080p resolution might be a lil low for a PC and a screen of this size.      I think this is better suited as a TV with the option of hooking up a PC, then as a PC Monitor with TV inputs.
R150II282JNDQJ	adjudicated	1	I have an Asus UX31A, and the plug was too big to fit in my computer.  The item shipped quickly, and was in good condition.
RKR8N18FCYP06	adjudicated	4	Pros: Easy to use, right out of the box, it was no hassle at all to get my DX up and running.    Whispersynch works well, though the wireless burns through the battery in a big hurry. Download speeds are respectable in my area, and you can't beat free for the price of access.    E-ink is hands-down the best reading medium available on any reader. Looks just like a printed page, I often forget that I'm using an e-reader; there is very little of a media barrier between reader and material.    The 9.7\\" screen is excellent for reading PDFs and anything containing illustrations. Excellent visibility and contrast, looks as good as newsprint or better.    File management is straightforward and easy to use. Search function is convenient as well, and notations are easy to enter into text.    Kindle for PC integrates well with my DX, makes it easy to pick up where I left off between devices.    Cons: As mentioned above, wireless use is a major drain on battery life. Any amount of web browsing that goes past the odd bit of wikipedia will cut your charge time in half or more.    The browser itself is a beta product, and it shows. Crashes have been a common experience for me through the month or so I've had my DX, resulting in system resets. This is an easy enough flaw to overlook, and it is clearly marked as an experimental feature, so realistic expectations kept this from being a very strong mark against it.    Kindle for Blackberry needs to be brought up to speed; does not synch fully, doesn't seem to synch notes at all.    Keyboard is difficult to use, the keys themselves are annoying and oddly designed. It works, but not especially well.    The biggest con for the DX is price, hands down. Had the price drop on the Kindle 2 come before I purchased my DX, I absolutely would have gone with the 6\\" model instead. How Amazon can justify charging nearly twice as much for a bigger screen and 2GB of storage is beyond me.     I would recommend to anyone who was a regular reader thatthey get a Kindle, just not the DX. The Kindle 2 does everything its big brother does, and just as well. Anyone who needs more than 2GB of books with them at a time is a much more voracious reader than I am, the storage is more than sufficient. I currently have over 200 books on my DX, and it's not even a third full; I can't imagine needing much more than that. Some may wish to load up MP3s or audiobooks, but it seems to me that those seeking an MP3 player likely already have one. Personally, I justified the extra expense because of textbooks for university and PDFs, but in hindsight this rationalization feels a bit foolish. Save yourself the $170 and buy the K2 instead, you'll feel much happier about your purchase in the end.
R14J2K94D7VGV2	adjudicated	2	It was okay. Only two problems are suction cups are bad. One is working fine, but other can't hold. Nylon pry tools are okay, I wish it was narrow so I can get inside the screen to open easier. It was little thick. Find other one where thinner like it can open iPhone.<br /><br />Lesson learned about taking the screen off, you need to slow down and not in hurry. Look at video instruction how to open using OWC Pick for screen separation. I was bending pick and cracked the screen. It was my fault. You need to go around with circle, but not BEND.<br /><br />Lastly, after replaced your SSD and RAM, check it first before glue the screen. I was glued the screen, but the screen was not on because connect cable is not fitted perfect. I had to reopen again and at that time I cracked the screen. It was my first experience. Now I know how to do next. The LCD is working, but only small cracked just like iPhone.
R1NVOEBWFO9AEE	adjudicated	4	I received this tablet on a Tuesday, and while I was setting it up it did a minor OTA update. Everything looked good except that it kept dropping the wifi connection. Netflix looked good, YouTube looked good, and the video streaming from the USB drive played perfectly.  Then on Thursday it did a major OTA system update, presumably to version 4.0.3.  It took over an hour to update and everything worked fine after it rebooted itself.  But on Friday, the day after the major system update, when I tried to power it on, nothing happened. Thinking that I needed to hold the power button down longer, I tried again.  Well, I tried several more times, and finally I decided to check to see if the thing was even alive with the charger on. There was no light, red or green, on the button. It was DEAD!  Four days after I received it!<br /><br />Needless to say, I contacted ACER customer support, and after being passed on to two different off shore customer support persons, I finally talked to a technical support staff based in the US.  There was nothing he could do to help me if the tablet wouldn't power on.  The technical support person was nice and arranged all the paper work for the tablet to be sent in for repairs at their Texas facility.<br /><br />I liked the way it looked and the fact that was slightly smaller and lighter than the Viewsonic G Tablet that I already owned but very, very disappointed with the product for failing on me 4 days after receiving it.  :-(<br /><br />Update:  4/26/2012<br /><br />So I had the tablet sent in for repairs to Acer's repair facility in Texas.  It took 5 days to get there by FedEx ground, and another week for the repairs, and it was shipped back to me on a Monday and I got it on a Thursday.  From the repair report, there were two things that were replaced - the side cover and the processor itself.  The tablet has worked flawlessly (except for the dropped wifi connection that happens occasionally, and I gather that has more to do more my wifi router because it never drops the connection when I used my iPhone as a modem when I travel) since I got it repaired, and there was one more major OTA system update since.<br /><br />After the initial disappointment, I am quite happy with the product so far.  I am adding another star to my review. So if you are one of those who had similar experiences, send it in for repairs, and you will be glad you did! :-)i router because it never drops the connection when I used my iPhone as a modem when I travel) since I got it repaired, and there was one more major OTA system update since.<br /><br />After the initial disappointment, I am quite happy with the product so far.  I am adding another star to my review. So if you are one of those who had similar experiences, send it in for repairs, and you will be glad you did! :-)
RKGIMYXNDOMQF	adjudicated	1	The stand was easy to set up. However, the drawer catches frequently and doesn't open and close smoothly.
RQVJSJHGWOEKF	adjudicated	1	Even though i had a friend who swore by this product , I could never get it to work. Netgear support staff said my house was too big and since I had three circuit panels that might be the problem. Ended up going with a d-link router and range extender.
R1QHK5K2K6XNVL	adjudicated	1	This is only connector. If You connect your DV camera to it sofware will not recognize it as Firewire device.
R16GM0MCYKKYOI	adjudicated	1	I purchased two of these switches about a year ago, placing one at each end of a very long run between the front end of my apartment, in my living-room; and the back of my apartment, in my office.  The cable modem and primary wifi router were hooked up to the office switch, as well as two or more computers, printer and VOIP box.  In the livingroom I have a TiVo, Soundbridge, Roku 3 and a router in Wireless Access Mode, i.e. NAT and Gateway functions are off.  For the last year, they seemed to be working fine.<br /><br />Just this past week I installed a TiVo Roamio Plus in the livingroom, and a TiVo Mini in the office  The Mini plays files off the Plus, or at least it is supposed to.  While the boxes saw each other, the stream would consistently stop and throw up error messages.<br /><br />After two long days of troubleshooting, I eventually narrowed it down to these switches. Essentially I placed both TiVo devices onto the same switch, still had the issues. Then I replaced the switch with an older router, and things worked perfectly. So then I rewired the networks in both rooms eliminating the switches from the TiVo to Tivo path. The TiVos are now working perfectly.<br /><br />Avoid these otherwise great units if DVR to DVR streaming is in your plans.
R28LHOLX62QU87	adjudicated	1	The felt tip is fantastic, but the XXL ended up being a bit too long for my purposes. It looks almost absurd. But in these colors, at this length, it's hard to imagine losing track of this stylus.
R3IEIIE0JLVI3	adjudicated	1	I experimented with Turbo.264, Visual Hub, Handbrake and MPEG StreamClip and decided to use Handbrake and MPEG Stream clip for most of my conversion tasks.     Turbo.264 did offload the CPU (the usage was down to about 20%) and was a bit faster. But I didn't notice any significant improvement in video or audio quality when using Turbo.264.
RDGUKL4K1ANQS	adjudicated	1	I got a dud so I dont know how she will run, besides the backside having spotty laminant or whatever its called, the board was very nice and sturdy. there are plenty of fan placement for those wishing to use the mobo as a fan controller.   When I flipped the breaker and powered on the pc my Vid card didn't display so I freaked out of course and rolled the GFX to each pci slot and cycled each of the 4 monitors individually hoping it was a cord issue. So then either believing I had a GFX or PSU error I was upset and busted out an old gpu with low power reqs. Nothing. I then realized that the USB inputs on the board werent even powering my mouse and keyboard but everything connected to the PSU was powered the Green Powered light on mobo was engaged and one short beep upon start. The last PCI port had a RevoDrive SSD and it sequenced. I have requested exchange and will install new mobo on arrival. If anyone has any insight and why its something else. IF YOU CANT EXPLAIN WHY THE DRAW WOULD FALL SHORT, I dont want your two bit comments.  So No USB No ethernet indicators No GPU Display no RAM recognition.  Sounds Like board to me but If you know better   AMD FX 8120  Asus Sabertooth  16 gb Vengeance Ram 1600  OCZ 1000 watt VX   Radeon HD 6950 2bg Sapphire Dirt 3 ed  Corsair H100 6 fans   Aerocool Strike X   Samsung Blu ray   OCZ RevoDrive  WD Caviar Green  Corsair Graphite 600T with mesh I believe has plastic risers.
RA2BANBT87WLD	adjudicated	4	Hi, I bought this one because a first Drop price to 189, and further to 139 on the next week of this price drop.    Pro: Excellent for read.        Store more books than you can read.        Nice mate on trips. You never know until you use it.        Large battery charge.       Price. The chippest over all ereaders.     Cons: Lack for reading PDF. It is unconfortable and almost unreadable.       Wifi access points, and free wifi access at my country are all lacks and deficients,           so most of time, the internet access is no present.        You cannot organize into collections your books until you get connected first time.     Recomendations : If you thinking on never use the internet, you wrong! You always need search for     something on google, or wikipedia.      On the issue of pdf, you always can convert the pdf file to mobipocket format, and reads great!    Finals:  I returned it. And after that,  bought the 3g version. If like to read on the bus, or hang time,         this is a \\"must to have\\" item. So pay the extra 50 bucks and get the 3g version.
R2GJLFZQSRA6FA	adjudicated	1	It is okay. I have already had one issue after only a week of use. I was really careful with the wires, but they accidentally slipped out of the grooves and they ended up wear out after a couple of races and now the steering wheel no longer works. This seems to be a design flaw personally I think it should be made different.
R19WR09LSET63A	adjudicated	1	The screen protector os ok but it did not go on as easy as I though it should. I did what it said but it got some bubble in it and they say it will go away in a few days and mine are still there. It cover good so maybe I did something wrong but I did what it says and it been on for over 2 weeks now and it still has bubble.
R1DK0FQM97YBMT	adjudicated	1	Very fast shipping and good price. use this for work . Don't use it everyday. there is only one machine that use this kind of cable but works good.
R3T49LI3EOC5K8	adjudicated	1	I received this device today and am quite disappointed in it, as it's only rated for 2 amps, is heavy, and the advertisement on the website doesn't state the amperage.  So, buyers beware!    To explain my extreme disappointment, you should understand what the traveling and power conversion requirement is and how it works.  US/Canadian power is 110/120 volts, and Europe/The Rest of the Universe is 220/240 volts.  That's approximately twice what our US/Canadian devices can handle; so you have to get a power converter to step the voltage down to something your devices can handle without getting fried into expensive doorstops or paperweights...or burning your lodgings down with you in them!    The simple solution to the problem is to buy a power converter.  But various converters are rated for different outputs.  The one I'm reviewing is rated for 200 WATTS maximum, or 1.6 AMPS.  This is barely sufficient for my laptop, which has an input power requirement of 1.5 amps.  (See your device's power supply for the INPUT AMP REQUIREMENT.) And you can forget a hair dryer - not enough power available!      And because I did not know how the conversion of numbers (from watts to amps) worked, I got caught with my proverbial shorts down when I bought this item.    LET ME EXPLAIN HOW POWER CONVERSION MATH WORKS SO YOU CAN DO THE MATH YOURSELVES:  Watts are a measurement of consumption.  The wattage of a device tells you how much power it requires. But you likely have amperage requirements on your device power supply...so how much wattage or voltage do you need in the converter?       It's simple math, thank goodness.  Here are the formulae, which I wish I had earlier:      WATTS / VOLTS = AMPS.  So, if you have a 200watt converter, you divide by the volatge (120) and get the result of 1.6 amps.      VOLTS x AMPS = WATTS      WATTS x AMPS = VOLTS (not particularly useful, as voltage should be constant)    And, now that I know what to look for, I have found far better options than this item for approximately the same price.    (A big thank you to my electrician friend who explained this to me.)
R16ZRSTNSRY12Q	adjudicated	1	Easily plays commercially available Blu-ray movie discs (standard commercial silver coating).  Does NOT recognize Kodak Blu-Ray White Inkjet Printable BD-R discs (blue tinted coating) that my other Blu-ray players recognize just fine.
R1SQ04Q89YJZ4G	adjudicated	2	Great color and good cover, but the 4 &#34;feet&#34; on the bottom tend to fall off, making the laptop unbalanced. One of the &#34;feet&#34; also came glued on crookedly.
R2SMJ4PJ6GJV64	adjudicated	2	as far as I can tell, this unit is INCOMPATABLE  with the iPad air 2, plug it in, a warning pops up informing you, essentially, that you tried to avoid spending an arm and leg on the apple device and now, ha ha, the cheaper one doesn't work. I also tried funneling the camera (a Samsung point and shoot) through this unit and it DIDNT work either. however, I plugged it into my iPad mini 2, and amazingly it DID work, at least the one time I tried it. I didn't try this on my iPhone 5 because I didn't feel like pulling off the phone's heavy duty case.
RLDKN3OESTBX9	adjudicated	1	The card you see on the picture and in the description is SanDisk Extreme Serial# SDSDX3-016G-A31, which is a TRUE 30MB/s _NON_ UHS card.<br />UHS-1 cards require a uhs compatible host, which is not implemented in the most cameras yet. So the chances are if you get anything else but #A31 card it will kick back into compatibility mode on you camera and you'll be lucky to get 20MB/s from it.<br />Check you camera description and clarify with the seller before ordering, or you might be paying a premium price for nothing.
R29RWOSGPZUR09	adjudicated	1	The wrist rest area is very small unlike advertised in the picture on Amazon. Quite frankly, it is a cheating. Otherwise the desk is ok.
RQJAQLDQ1KY3H	adjudicated	0	You put it in the camera and it works, not much else to say.
R1JYZF0ISOCXLQ	adjudicated	3	Its good, doesnt seem to do much better than my h100i did, installed it on a fx8350 which bent the arms on the heatsink, i just installed it on<br />an i7 5820k and i was getting high temps, removed cpu cooler and thermal paste was only on one half of the cpu block, so i noticed the arms were bent, i straightened them as best i could and temps have been better, i initially had an issue which swiftech responded to immediately, then i had the issue with the bent arms and emailed through amazon twice and never got a response,
R2M666KDXSLP2K	adjudicated	3	Works great as a case but like other reviewers have stated it lacks the ability to fold back the case when you want hold it for general reading and use. I first thought it wouldn't be an issue but after some use it is rather annoying.<br /><br />The only other downside I noticed was that the middle of the screen seems to always dirtier than the rest of the screen.  Now I would say it would be due to use but when you look at it you can see the straight lines that go inline with the middle of the front part of the case.<br /><br />Overall it does the job but it does have features that are annoying.
R58PVD2XBMIZA	adjudicated	1	I have two of these.  Somehow the second order disappeared and luckily I found out that USPS had it in their branch.  Just inconvienent to stop by and wait to pick it up.  The signal is boosted and it does expands the distance where the wifi signal was a little weak.  But tends to drop signal for some odd reason.
RRS86XDY82A6K	adjudicated	4	My boyfriend, a serious doctor who fan and iphone user, ABSOLUTELY loves this cell phone case! the graphics decent. Although i wish it was not just a decorative case and actually added some protection for the phone! if they could find a way to make that change and improve the case then i will give it 5 stars!<br /><br />ok so update! the case broke... the edging shattered when the phone was dropped on to carpet. ?!@#$? really?
R1637HZ0RZ3Y8Y	adjudicated	1	I have ordered the PF 17W, but did clearly specify in my order the size of screen to be the 14'1 privacy filter one...   Instead, I have received the 17'. Since I also have a personal laptop with a 17' screen, I kept the one received and ordered another, hoping that this time, I will receive the right one. Anyway, the screen is good. It meets my requirements and expectations. Now, Amazon just need to send me the right one.
R2BIZVCQP53Y1W	adjudicated	0	The case is awesome if it wasn't broken.. I will not replace it, it still works but it has a chip in one side. buyer be warned
R3DD33S7YD2XO2	adjudicated	0	it's ok but my old kindle still works pretty well.
R20VM3ET6Z2D5K	adjudicated	2	I really wanted to like this laptop-- and was willing to pay a lot of money to get it. The wifi issues that many people have mentioned, and most have dismissed as not important, were very noticeable to me, and ultimately a deal breaker. At speedtest.net, I get download speeds of 15-20mbps on my $475 Asus laptop. Using the Samsung in the same location, I get less than 5mbps. For $1000+ more, I would expect to get better, or at least similar performance. I could buy a dongle, sure, as some people have said, but for that kind of money, why not buy a computer that works? (And, just to be clear, I'm pretty experienced with IT/networking issues, and spent considerable time troubleshooting both network adapter and router settings to see if I could improve things. I couldn't.)
R1Q6FN4VWGE1MJ	adjudicated	1	It works. It is starting to not charge correctly but it worked much better than the other adapter I purchased at the same time.
RXTI1Y3BY201M	adjudicated	0	ok
R112PIIEPM0DMP	adjudicated	3	I think the laptop would be great without windows 8. Sometimes I have to plug it in to the charger because it will not start up without that extra power. Once it's on, I can unplug it and it works fine.  Many times, windows could not read my USB. (I even bought a new one to see if my old one was just not working anymore.). Oh and Microsoft Office is installed on the computer, but you still have to buy it. That was one of the main reasons why I bought the laptop. The pros- it's small and light so it's easy to carry around campus for a college student. It's even small enough to carry in my purse.
R3DXAYOGBHLO4J	adjudicated	2	Great screen, quick boot time, generally pretty fast, great battery life....<br /><br />Incredibly crappy with displaying video, choppy, freezes, black flickers across the video on some websites, and of course just plain doesn't work at all about half the time with video embeded on pages. Google maps crashes all the time....<br /><br />Although this device is a lot of fun in some respects, with it's glaring limitations over things like video and maps, the things we've become acustomed to using in our internet experience, I don't think its worth the money.
R1YLLFMPLBXEVD	adjudicated	3	The instructions were rather vague and the little cardboard tab that came with it, supposedly to push bubbles out, scratched the surface of the screen protector &#62;.&#60; not only that, it attracted dust and pet dander like a magnet, so even with the quick application, stuff got stuck under it. I had to wash it in the sink under high water pressure, removing half the adhesive, to get all the crap off, and even then stuff got stuck under it, but this time only under the edge. This product works perfectly for the 8&#34; Android Nextbook but should only be applied in a perfectly sterile environment with moist air, I doubt even a bathroom would keep you safe from its static cling magic. &#62;.&#60;
R1NLXCB2D69FXH	adjudicated	4	The screen cover was pretty easy to put on I ended up using two to put it on, since the first one got a piece of lint stuck to it. Overall it was easy to put on relatively bubble free. The screen protector is very clear and hard to notice it's even on; except on the cutouts for the front facing camera and light sensor. It didn't increase glare on the device, it may have reduced it a tiny amount. I had no issues with it interfering with the dock or a cover.  Ultimately I will replace this screen protector because of how it deals with fingerprints. It seems to reduce how easily the screen collects fingerprints which is great, however it makes the finger prints that do stick very difficult to clean off and I end up with streaking or smudging on the screen. Also the cover seems to add a little bit of friction to running your finger across it (very little but noticeable to me). I personally prefer a more matte feel.  In fairness to the product it does not claim to reduce finger printing and it does exactly what it claims. Just don't expect any more than that.
RIE7054NW1V9X	adjudicated	2	We enjoyed the kindle for about a month when it started to freeze up. As directed we were sure to hold the reset button for the required 30 sec. The freezing became more frequent and he called Amazon for replacement.  I commend them for promptly sending the replacement, and the helpfulness of customer service.  I would still recommend the Kindle Fire but with slight misgivings. An item that costs almost $400 shouldn't break down so quickly.
R3LQ5EJHKFCEL3	adjudicated	2	I've been using n600 for 6 months already. I thought it was a good router compared to the TP-link router that drops connection really often. At least the Belkin router doesn't drop connection that often, like every few days, and will automatically reconnects after 1-3 hrs. Then! I can't seem to listen to one song in Pandora, because the connection drops and reconnects, making it load a new song. This happened often, and kind of really bugged me. And I just can't change the default IP of the router, like from 192.168.2.1 to 192.168.2.2. It only let me change it's LAN IP...
R2Y6YK308YD4CQ	adjudicated	2	Almost flawless mobile mouse with one huge glaring problem.<br /><br />This mouse has everything you need from a mouse in a compact and light weight package, the ergonomics are great, the button placement on the thumb buttons doesn't get on your way unless you want to press them, the wheel is solid and the tracking comes with two different speeds that feel great for day to day use.<br /><br />There is however one major flaw on this device that might make you reconsider buying it, this is very important:<br /><br />The thumb buttons are backwards.<br /><br />In every single other mouse with two thumb buttons i've ever used the one closest to the front goes forward, the one on the back goes backwards, in this mouse the buttons are reversed, the one closest to the front goes backwards and the one on the back goes forward.<br /><br />Due to the mouse's relative shortness i can see that they did that so the back button was more easily accessible without bending your thumb too much, but it's incredibly annoying, it is just as annoying as if the main buttons were reversed and it's impossible to get used to if you have more than one mouse in your life and all of the other mice have the proper button assignment.<br /><br />There are no drivers to change the button assignment, if this would bother you look elsewhere or look up to using a third party tool to change the mouse behavior.
R1LJ432TG7MDBH	adjudicated	1	stopped working on me, but could possibly be the hdmi cable, but a little confusing to use, but this product is ok.  a bit pricy ...
R2RUKWIZC556DW	adjudicated	2	The sound bar has excellent sound quality and volume for it's size. It is inconvenient that I used to have to remove it everytime I shut my computer to shut it down. Did you notice the past-tense? That is because it did not take long for the clip on the back of the bar to break off, preventing it from being mounted onto the screen.
RN4C85R2C29MA	adjudicated	2	I love the color of the case (mint green) it was true to the picture and it fits fine. The only problem/complaint I have is that the cover button on the volume does not fit and it is not the right size of the volume buttons. I mean you can still change the volume by pressing the buttons but it bothers me that it's not a perfect fit for that part.
R1ZG8MPO3XSATV	adjudicated	2	First of all, I'll start by saying that the I haven't had any reliability or data problems with this cable at all.  As far as I can tell, it does the job it's supposed to.  Having said that, I have two complaints that bring my rating down to three stars.  My first (and primary) complaint is that it doesn't connect snugly.  I'm using it on a laptop, and moving the laptop around can cause the cable to come out far enough for the connection to be lost.  And I'm not talking about major shifts here; just having it connected while using the laptop in bed can occasionally result in a lost connection.  The cable that came with my external drive had a metal jacket around the connection, and this problem never happened even once with that cable.  If you plan to use this cable on a desktop computer, this probably won't be a problem for you, but I've stopped using the cable entirely because of this.  The second complaint is that the Firewire logo is on the BOTTOM of the connector.  Once you figure it out it's not really a big deal, but that a manufacturer could do this in the first place doesn't leave me feeling very confident in the product.  Added to the first problem, it seems to indicate a lack of thought being put into this cable's design.
R2KCLAOCMDIK8B	adjudicated	1	Called Lenovo and provided them pictures and info, they confirm it's a counterfeit unit and was not made by them. With this said, it does appear to work correctly and the price is reasonable enough that it might be worth the risk.
R17OIBSOF8VOCQ	adjudicated	1	Often, disks connected to this device via a Mac Pro spontaneously disconnect and the device does get quite warm. I've had particular issues with the eSATA ports not working from time to time.
R4A918DSE2QXB	adjudicated	1	The battery we got will not charge to 100%. In fact, we can't even use our laptop without the battery being plugged in. We are not happy with this product. We need a new one that works.
RQ8DG5WJ1791L	adjudicated	1	This drive failed after 1 year and 7 months of light duty in a Drobo.  I notice that the code \\"WD1001FALS\\" includes an abbreviation for Fails so I guess I was forewarned.  No more spending extra for the Black for me.
R1OL5Q69BYDGKS	adjudicated	1	Have had for one month and the screen goes blank and flickers frequently and randomly, requiring me to  restart the chromebook. Sending it back for an exchange, so hopefully just a fluke. Other than that, a very functional touch screen device.
R1RD27530KAEP	adjudicated	3	Purchased this product April 2011 to replace a missing charger. Cheap compared to original chargers and initially serve its purpose. The charger suddenly bogged down and does not charge the IBM R61 laptop by the end of June 2011. The small green button that light up when charging is nowhere to be seen. A loose component inside the adapter can be heard when you shake the adapter. I wish the charger lasted for a year to get my money's worth. I do not recommend this product.
R3T1QCKAC6KDTQ	adjudicated	3	Pros: Graphics are crisp and vibrant.  Keyboard and tablet are pretty responsive to touch.  The camera is decent.<br />Cons:  The battery gets consumed very quickly.  You get about 3.5 hours on it before it goes down to 25% and needs charging.  The unit gets very warm as well.  It is heavy for it's size and the keyboard does not always dock easily.
R1KK306EXF2NVV	adjudicated	1	Does the job. Seems of good quality. Everything is included in the box.<br />Nevertheless, it is much larger (1.5x the original volume) and heavier (approximatively twice the original weight) than the one given with my AORUS X3+.
R2NF5XN7V2WAJ5	adjudicated	2	Bought this case just over a month ago. The magnet that holds the tab to keep the case closed has come loose and floats around so now the tab won't stay in place to keep the case closed. So far the keyboard works ok. If I could figure out how to get to the magnet, I'd glue it in place. But, without messing up the case, there's no way of getting to it so I guess I just have to live with it. So much for the tab to keep it closed.
R10CM2L7RHA7V8	adjudicated	0	The item works.  Unfortunately it was the external drive that crashed and not the power supply.
R3EJGEM0Y5VMB2	adjudicated	2	Hi frequencies/treble seriously lacking. Excellent mid-range: however overpowers other frequencies.(I'd say that the amplification is not properly balanced). Muddies \\"booming\\" notes: can't reproduced them. Bass is weak. And when the volume is turned up, it quickly feels like the speakers are at their limit. Materials used are suspect, since they are so light considering the size. I tried to like this speakers, but being a critical music listener, I simply could not. The majority of the reviews I read before I purchased had me so thoroughly feeling good about deciding to: I had never before read so much positive reviews (by so called \\"experts\\" & the rest of us)about any other product. But I put this through thorough testing, listening to certain passages in certain songs that I use to audition speakers. I simply could not live with these speakers, having heard much better.
RYYCECLBB88IZ	adjudicated	1	Have to assign a static IP address for it to be stable (once you know this, it is great).  Dont know if this is because I bought &#34;refurbished&#34;.  Get what you pay for I guess.
RG3UNGMRM7BGL	adjudicated	3	Was curious about cheap Chinese unbranded tablets. I also needed a GPS devise. I cant say that this is the best of both world device, but I will admit it is a good GPS with android tablet functionality. The screen is probably its biggest setback. It is hard to see in direct sunlight, basically hard to see on the dash board of my truck during the daylight hours in Arizona. Probably would be better off some where else. That is a drawback of the large screen. It also comes with a stylus, that you will not want to loose. The screen doesn't do to well with simple finger taps like a more costly touch screen devices. I wish there was Windows Driver so that i could root Android and get rid of some of the crap on it. That would probably help some with running apps.Tried a couple of games on it. It did ok i guess for a gps device.<br /><br />Pros: Cheap GPS on an android tablet.<br />Cons: See Pros.
RM06ZF0H10OYO	adjudicated	0	Base your decision to purchase the GS116Ev2 switch on the merits of the switch not on the rebate advertized for the switch.<br /><br />The GS116Ev2 switch is NOT listed on the rebate form.<br /><br />Not sure if Amazon dropped the ball on this or if Netgear mislead Amazon but bottom line the switch cost me 30 dollars more than I thought it would....<br /><br />The link to the rebate form should be removed from the GS116Ev2 switch product page.
RMNDO8PWUJP5	adjudicated	2	im basically writing this review to help out those who are having trouble with this antenna.  i spent about six hours trying to get this thing to work.  im gonna make it short and sweet for everyone to follow in the event that you are still stuck with the pendrive.  PART 1 -- first off, you absolutely have to install the driver, it is NOT going to work just by plugging it in.  found out my cd drive isnt working any longer so i had to go to sabrent.com ~ go to the support tab and choose DRIVERS/MANUALS.  next, scroll down to TV-USBHD (i chose V2) and click on the windows symbol.  after the download, install the software and then click on INSTALL DRIVER.    it gets tricky from here for me since my cd drive stopped, so i had to download the BlazeVideo HDTV Player from download.cnet.com. i was able to install the software but i was NOT able to register my serial number (so im stuck with a 14 day trial). called blazevideo, got nothing but a busy tone and messaged them on facebook, they have yet to reply. since i wanted to get this thing working, i decided to look for other options, which leads us to:  PART 2 -- after downloading several softwares, i found MediaPortal, also found at download.cnet.com, i found it similar to Windows Media Center and i was able to get it working with the pendrive. in the event that the software asks you, during the installation process, if you would like to add toolbars, click DECLINE, it will still intall the software. adding the EPG, electronic program guide, is really up to you.  finally, after the installation process is done, open the MediaPortal-TV Server Configuration on your desktop.  click on +TV Servers, click on +computer name and then click on ATSC Microtune Dongle Digital Tuner. Click on SCAN FOR CHANNELS, wait a few minutes and press ok.  now click open the MediaPortal (doesnt say anything else but MediaPortal) on your desktop, wait a few seconds, click TV, click TV ON and you should be on your way. i was able to get all the over the air digital channels in my area with the supplied antenna  3 out 5 stars - Clear and Crisp Picture on my laptop (I live in Austin, im not sure how well the antenna would work when we go out of town or out camping somewhere). BlazeVideo is great but i cant get it registered, no support from them either. Did not work with WMC for me, doesnt even recognize it.  My laptop runs Vista.  Hope the other option helps. hate for anyone to be stuck with a pendrive and not ever know if it works or not.
R3FIPIUFZYNKIZ	adjudicated	2	This router is now working fine, but I had a very frustrating time with getting the Guest network to work.  I had no problem in setting up the router initially, but when I set up Guest network access, the wireless radio was disabled for all SSIDs.  The only way to get it back was to do a hard reset and set up the router again.  Then, when trying to enable the Guest network again, the wireless again went down.  I spent a lot of time trouble shooting, including updating firmware, but to no avail.<br /><br />I returned the first router, and purchased a second from a different vendor, only to have the very same problem.  I called Netgear's technical support line.  After 40 minutes on hold, they \\"escalated\\" my call immediately to a higher level tech.  She then had me download a beta version firmware update, Version 1.0.4.66, which is not yet posted on the web site.  This firmware update immediately fixed the problem, and I now have a stable Guest network running alongside the regular wireless SSIDs- the principal reason I upgraded to this router.<br /><br />So, five stars for the router, one star to Netgear for shipping it with such a huge bug.  Hopefully the new firmware version will be posted soon on their website.
R3E7TUI38YKUSW	adjudicated	2	This is actually a really nice item, it doesn't decrease sensitivity and it seems to provide great protection.  My husband installed it for me on my Ipad Air 2 even though the directions say not to install on a device that has a thumbprint reader, it works just fine with mine which I love!  There's just a little cutout there for my thumb to rest on and the iPad reads it and unlocks without a problem.  My husband installed it with very little trouble with the suction cups to grip and you lay it on the surface.  No bubbles, ripples or anything were left and he did it very quickly.  The only reason I gave this 3 stars is because it doesn't exactly fit the full surface of the iPad. There's a very small portion on the edge that goes unprotected, this may really bother some people that want perfection.  It doesn't bother me because I have a silicone cover the lips around the edges of my iPad anyway hiding this edge that's not covered by the glass.
R2YROX39H6G0KG	adjudicated	2	The Uspeed USB3.0 to SATA cable is well made. The adapter is compact. The power supply is bulky in comparison. To be fair it does push 2 amps. It would be great if the folds folded down for travel. Need to put Uspeed label on power block too so it doesn't get lost.<br /><br />Performance was good. No manual or documentation on the website.
R27L5QKAO0AWMB	adjudicated	1	My main problem with this case is that the plastic cover over the screen has bumps and catches EVERYTHING! Crumbs, sand, lint, dirt...you name it. YUCK. The plastic is not stretched tight, which causes a large extra plastic to get in the way of what you are trying to press. With a touch screen device, this is NOT helpful. I cut out the plastic and bought a regular plastic screen protector. Not as water/dirt proof anymore but it is not UN-useable either.
R33V28I245F3SI	adjudicated	3	The case holds the board and allows access to all of the interface connections. The case is obviously unsealed and the clips holding the two pieces together are a little loose. Don't expect this to be a secure enclosure for anything fancy, but it works well for holding the board behind a tv or monitor. If you're building a robot or using the Pi to control a moving device, look elsewhere.
R1PTL6BSDE73H9	adjudicated	3	The modem quickly connected to my ISP provider using the wizard. I was then able to connect to the internet from my computer and iPhone. For that reason I have given it 3 stars as it does work for a simple setup. However, I ran into the following problems and so returned it;<br />- No user manual that I could find on line, just a quick start guide. A product like this needs a detailed manual.<br />- My wireless network SSID has always included an underscore \\"_\\" in the name. The software for this router would not take an underscore even though it is a legal character. On its own this is not a show stopper, just an annoyance as I would have had to have changed all my wireless devices to look for a different SSID. (Ever counted the number of wireless devices you have; phones, tablets, laptops, game consoles, TVs, IP cameras & even digital photo displays).<br />- No MAC address to IP address table available to look at in the software. How do you know the IP address that has been assigned by the DHPC software to log into a device to change its settings?<br />- No ability to reserve static addresses for specific MAC addresses. This is essential when doing port forwarding as you need to know that the IP address you forward to will always be the same. I tried to get around this by setting the end equipment (VoIP phone) with a fixed IP inside the phone but then the Actiontec router could not even connect to the phone. This is the reason I returned it.
R1XCXHHY6V8BSA	adjudicated	2	The keyboard is functional and a nice addition for my Nexus 7 but it only gets 3 stars because of the magnet placed under the keyboard which causes my nexus 7 to go into sleep mode.  If you try and take it out of sleep mode the magnet keeps it in sleep mode.  Frustrating, but you can easily snap the top plastic off of the keyboard and remove the magnet.  Now this is a really nice keyboard...too bad the manufacturer couldn't figure this out before selling these for $30+...Should be about $15 in my opinion.
RHDN0YRSB84JF	adjudicated	3	This is a nice case, but only 3 stars because the fit is not what I was expecting. The edge of the screen is covered on both sides, which is a bit of an inconvenience when using the web browser, where the back arrow is under the left edge.  Also noticed that unless the tablet is repositioned each time before taking a picture, the cut out fot the rear facing camera on the back cover causes there to be a black line on the side of the picture.
R1ZSPRM6XPD4U5	adjudicated	2	I bought this to be an ongoing back-up for my files in case my computer died. The drive works great, but the software crashed repeatedly - even after updating. Wasted hours trying to get it right. I finally wiped all of the garbage software from the device and downloaded Allway Sync (there is a free and pro version depending on use intensity). So, I would get this drive WITHOUT the back-up software and get your own software. The lost time cost more than the drive was worth, which is why a good drive gets 3 stars - for wasting my time and requiring that I get actual software that works out of the box.
R1G4Z8S5815Q6U	adjudicated	2	I was looking for a sleeve big enough to hold my Nexus 7 while it was in the thin TPU case and have some room to spare for accessories. The case is quite sturdy and the stand tabs are interesting but not supportive enough to hold my tablet in portrait mode. The fit is very snug and the tablet doesn't move around. I was expecting a more useful accessory pocket. The picture shows a charger cable sticking out of it, and that does fit without too much difficulty, however trying to put my charging adapter in there too was a no-go. I'd be concerned about ripping the neoprene and possibly damaging the tablet with something bulky pressing on it for an extended period. For the price this does enough of what I need. I have another small pack to carry my accessories in that this sleeve fits into, but I was hoping for an all-in-one solution.
R1A8EYJYTLMN20	adjudicated	2	It works fine. but no instructions.  Went online and found a company to contact for installiation.  Ended up costing a lot because company indicated extensive computer work on my computer was necessary to install.  It was a scam.  Watch out!  My credit card company helped me recover $800.00 of the amount spent.
R125KIZIQO1EI8	adjudicated	2	I can't really complain about this purchase. Everything listed in the specs was true. I do have one small gripe however. The Seller claimed later that the Power Supply Wattage was listed in the specs. I've checked over that several times now and it's simply not true. When I got the machine I realized it is rated at only 280 Watts, a fact I'd known had I Googled the specs, but I didn't. 280 is fine for business applications but will not power any middle to high graphics like those found in most, maybe all, more recent PC games. The form factor of the machine chassis disallows replacement of the power supply with anything other than an identical. I realized the power supply deficit for my desires the day it arrived so contacted the seller via Amazon immediately. The stated return policy is 7 days from purchase with a $35 restocking fee. When I asked for this I was told they could not accept a return \\"...because the cost of restocking is too great to accept returns (?) however, they would be \\"...happy to work with [me] on getting [buying] any upgrades...\\" an offer that is disingenuous at best since there's no way to 'up' the power. So I'd say these guys provide exactly what they say to a point- but be careful of what they don't say and take their return policy statement with a salt block.
R2V09QKAEQKMUQ	adjudicated	3	I bought this case after I bought the Griffin Survivor, and it didn't fit my Kindle Fire. I have the All New Kindle Fire HD (2013), and searched tons of reviews to make sure that I got one that fit my specific Kindle. I kept seeing too many where the ports didn't match up.<br />This case fits my Kindle, but it's not what I expected at all. It's actually a rubbery/silicone-type case, with a small hard shell that covers only part of the back and side. this is the part that holds the Kick stand....if you can call it that. It's a flimsy attatchement, that will do in a pinch. It only props the case up landscape. It would have been nice if it had been kind of like a picture frame, where I could stand it up original, or landscape to play games. Seems like, if you aren't careful, it might break on you.<br /><br />There is no screen cover, which I would have liked to have, so that I won't shatter my screen, so I had to order a separate one.<br /><br />The speakers project sound in a funny manner with this case on. When it's facing away from you, it's like an echo.<br /><br />Overall, I'm satisfied with this case. I got it because I knew it would fit my Kindle, and it will do the job it needs to do. Plus, I got it in purple, which I love, because a lot of cases didn't have pretty colors. For the price, it's a decent case.
R2QI14SOXX2M0C	adjudicated	1	The quality is great and they are very quite however I just need them to spin faster.  They can be used for just about everything.  I installed mine in a DIT kit and they worked fairly well.
R26Z9EB35H2PIZ	adjudicated	4	This worked well for a three level 4000 sf guest house 500 feet away on our apple farm -- once I finally got it configured. I bought two, and it was a good thing, since one failed intermittently to connect, resulting in many hours on the phone with clueless tech support people who knew even less about networking than I do, and have such thick Indian accents that words sometimes had to be spelled out. The configuration Wizard often failed to recognize the repeater, requiring a temporary complex reconfiguring of Windows LAN settings (if you don't understand these settings, you may not get it to work).     I connected one antenna input to a directional antenna [[ASIN:B000B59J8I Hawking HiGain Directional Antenna, indoor/outdoor, 14dBi HAO14SDP]] to get the signal from the source router (Encore brand), and left one omnidirectional original for the house. The install was on a 1.5 Mbit DSL line, and both houses now have full speed internet throughout, for a mix of Windows, Mac and iPhone clients.    While this Hawking repeater does work, if you don't need two external antenna inputs, there are simpler and more reliable solutions. If you have an Apple Airport router, you can get the Airport Express router/repeater, which requires no configuration at all, and just works.
R3LBSO2AES0MQE	adjudicated	2	I replaced my leather case with this case, used it for a couple of weeks and am back to the leather case. Reasons being that its just cumbersome and just feels like its not going to protect my iPad. The key board does work fine and paired with no problem. It is bulkier and for some reason it just didn't grow on me.
RN4P788HU9MD1	adjudicated	2	The package arrived on time and product looked as expected.  The inner rubber black sleeve could fit a little tighter it seems very loose on the fire phone.  I wish it fit snuggly.  I'm afraid I'm going to catch it on something especially around the bottom part.  But otherwise I'm satisfied with the product for the price.
R2HIHHLOJYVRHE	adjudicated	2	I like this laptop bag...except not enough room for power cord. The memory foam is a nice feature to protect my 15\\" Dell
R32BV324DDHBMC	adjudicated	4	I purchased the 206BW from Amazon and I have been using it for a couple of weeks now.  I also bought an Ergotron desk clamp arm for the monitor which works really well with the product.<br /><br />I was replacing a 15\\" NEC 1024x768 MultiSync 1530V.  I view and work with a lot of photographs and needed much more screen real estate for Photoshop, along with other software that needs room for toolbars.<br /><br />I use a 24\\" Dell UltraSharp 2405FPW at work and really like it.  The only disappointing aspect about the Dell is the dot pitch.  The contrast ratio is 1000:1 and the response time for the Dell is 12ms.  This will give me a reference to describe my experiences with the Samsung 206BW.<br /><br />I decided to purchase the 20\\" Samsung for three reasons.  One, I like the smaller dot pitch of around .25 millimeter pixel pitch.  The 22\\" version has the same resolution of 1680 x 1050 and I didn't want the larger pixels.  The second reason was that the 206BW appeared to be marked down significantly more.  It looks like it was originally sold for around $500.  And third, the 3000:1 contrast ratio was very appealing to me.  I love deep blacks.  My Dell at work has a black level that looks like the monitor is off.  If the screen consists of completely black pixels, I can't tell if it is off or on.  I love that.<br /><br />So I purchased the 206BW without ever seeing it in a showroom.<br /><br />First of all, I'll get this out of the way... the noise this monitor makes at custom levels is an issue.  I have a noisy computer in the first place, and I can clearly hear the buzzing this monitor makes when I lower the brightness.  It's loud.<br /><br />Which leads to the custom settings this monitor wants to use.  You can cycle through these settings by pushing one of the front buttons.  The settings are Text, Internet, Game, Sport, Movie, and Dynamic Contrast.  I am not sure how they came up with the names of these, but some are brighter and cooler, some are warmer and dimmer.  You can also have a \\"Custom\\" setting that will most likely lead you to lower the brightness significantly because most of the custom settings are way too bright.  But beware; lower the brightness and the buzzing starts.  Doh!<br /><br />Dynamic Contrast is interesting but slightly annoying.  It basically adjusts the brightness and contrast depending what you have on screen.  Pull up your desktop with a black background and it will dim.  Pull up a photograph of a sunny day and it will brighten.  Cute, but definitely not something I'll be using very often, if at all.<br /><br />Now this is probably my own fault, but for some reason I was thinking that contrast ratio had something to do with black levels.  I mistakenly thought that a \\"3000:1\\" contrast ratio would deliver deep blacks.  It doesn't.  Blacks look washed out.  And along the top and the bottom of the screen there is A LOT of light bleeding through.  That was another reason I bought the 20\\" over the 22\\" inch, to avoid the light bleeding at the top and bottom of the screen.  Well, it's here and it doesn't look very nice at all.  Especially because I prefer a black background as my wallpaper... I always see it.<br /><br />The screen material itself is nice.  It's the non-reflective type that will not reflect background lights or reflections.  The bezel itself though, while black, is almost a complete mirror surface.  It will reflect everything.  The silver strip at the bottom is slightly indented and will not reflect anything.<br /><br />There is not really much to the menu.  It is not intuitive to navigate.  And while having a complete button dedicated to it, the \\"auto-adjust\\" feature only works if you are using a RGB cable.  If you are using a digital DVI cable, the button does nothing but inform you with text that the feature is not available.  Doh!<br /><br />There is a blue light surrounding the on/off button on the front of the monitor.  The screen will go into power save mode if left on for awhile unattended, and the blue light will start flashing on and off quickly until you come back to the display and restore it from power save mode.  This is not an issue for me, but beware of this is you are going to have it in a bedroom or anywhere that this might be distracting.<br /><br />So overall, this monitor is nothing like my 24\\" Dell at work.  It's just not in the same class.  Given, my Dell costs about $700 and I got this one for $250.  In fact, this 206BW is not even in the same class as my 15\\" NEC.  The black levels are much worse.<br /><br />So, I'll keep the monitor.  I am not going to go through the hassle of returning it or swapping it.  It will do.  But if I had seen it in action beforehand, I would not have bought it.<br /><br />The moral of this story is watch out of technical bullet-points.  Sure, 2ms and 3000:1 look really tempting, but there has to be much more to it than that.  My Dell has a contrast ratio of 1000:1 and a response time of 12ms and the images it displays are much better than the 206BW.  Shop around and be careful.  For the money I am sure you could do worse.  Could you do better?f left on for awhile unattended, and the blue light will start flashing on and off quickly until you come back to the display and restore it from power save mode.  This is not an issue for me, but beware of this is you are going to have it in a bedroom or anywhere that this might be distracting. <br /> <br />So overall, this monitor is nothing like my 24\\" Dell at work.  It's just not in the same class.  Given, my Dell costs about $700 and I got this one for $250.  In fact, this 206BW is not even in the same class as my 15\\" NEC.  The black levels are much worse. <br /> <br />So, I'll keep the monitor.  I am not going to go through the hassle of returning it or swapping it.  It will do.  But if I had seen it in action beforehand, I would not have bought it.   <br /> <br />The moral of this story is watch out of technical bullet-points.  Sure, 2ms and 3000:1 look really tempting, but there has to be much more to it than that.  My Dell has a contrast ratio of 1000:1 and a response time of 12ms and the images it displays are much better than the 206BW.  Shop around and be careful.  For the money I am sure you could do worse.  Could you do better? <br />  <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
R1X49NNQO1DZHI	adjudicated	1	The keys have to be tapped a  certain way or letters will not print---- takes much longer to type. If I had been aware of this I would not have bought this computer.
R1Q2B20G96M0LP	adjudicated	2	This tablet Pc with external dock seemed great at the beginning. I use it normally at school to take notes and some internet surfing at home. Tablet works great alone and keyboard did function well. I have a case for it and it was always safe in my backpack and somehow the keyboard connection was broken, as it only works when I push the screen back to force a connection. Still a decent tablet but seems like a cheaply made keyboard
R2781TLEOXAWNX	adjudicated	1	I don't quite understand why they included they included \\"brushed metal\\" in the description.  But I got an authentic Samsung 32gb class 10.  So yea me!  I tested it with SD Tools on Google Play.  Really great super fast read times 19.2mb/s.  But disappointing write times in comparison 8mb/s.  Overall gave my HTC Evo a new lease on life.  I would buy again if they don't come out with anything faster.
R36DM7YTBAR0VU	adjudicated	3	I'd read all the good reviews and thought this light would improve on the one I have, the [[ASIN:B002HIE10S M-Edge e-Luminator2 Kindle Booklight]].  My light was giving a bit of a hot-spot where the bulb reflected on the screen and I'd have to reposition to get good even light.  So when the Kandle got rave reviews, I ordered one.<br /><br />My first impression out of the box- shoddy materials.  Something is going to break soon. Both lights match the Kindle beautifully, but that's where the similarity ends.  Where the e-Luminator is solid and sturdy, the Kandle feels like a cheap plastic clip.  It's TOO lightweight.  The clip itself feels like it could snap off and so does the folding part of the light.<br /><br />It DOES clips solidly to the Kindle.<br /><br />I was initially extremely disappointed in the amount of light, but decided to try it with the spare batteries which came with mine (but apparently do not come with all Kandles.)  Unfortunately, the battery compartment requires a jeweler's screwdriver, which didn't come with the Kandle, so that took some doing.  However, replacing the batteries did brighten the light considerably.  It was good that it came with the batteries as they are not a common household type but rather the flat watch-type battery CR 2032.  Not uncommon but not something I keep at home, either.<br /><br />Even brighter, though, the light is much less even than the e-Luminator light.  It diminishes as you go down the page, and you can't reposition the light without having it glare in your eyes.  It just doesn't raise high enough off the page- bad design.<br /><br />Also annoying is that if you do want to try to move the clip, you must first close the light.<br /><br />The switch is hard to operate.  It, too, feels like it will likely break off soon.<br /><br />All in all, I'm very disappointed.  I gave it a three overall though I really feel like giving it a two because it hasn't broken YET despite how it feels.  And it does fit the Kindleand light up.
R1UHQKGNWCS47N	adjudicated	4	I really wanted to love this bad boy, but some issues lead to sending it back.<br /><br />I don't want to make a big review, since pros and cons are already well-discussed here.<br /><br />Pro:<br />+It is a beauty, very excellent finish of the keyboard surface. Design and Appearance is flawless<br />+Very powerful performance. I bought the i7 256GB. Perfect for working. 13.3&#34; also replaces my old laptop<br />+ Nice balance for the both working and entertainment purposes. Ideal for surfing the web on a couch in a tablet mode and a solid keyboard for working.<br />+ Detachable Keyboard with docking. I preferred this solution over the Yoga 2 Pro or the Dell XPS, where the Tablet is not detachable. Its also more elegant than the synthetical material of the Microsoft Surface's Keyboard, which is also detachable, but looks more like a toy.<br />+ Display resolution is awesome. No worries here.<br />+ Awesome touch response. You could write a symphony on tablet mode<br /><br />Problems, but resolved:<br />o Gestures on trackpad were heavily lagging. It was a very bad first impression, where you expect the trackpad to run smoothly. I had to change the power settings of Wifi to fix this problem. After that, gestures were working as they should, though not as smooth as a Macbook, but negligible issue in my view.<br /><br />Cons<br />- The mostly discussed drawback is a design fail in my view. The Keyboard is just a &#34;consumer&#34; with no hard-drive or interfaces but for its own power supply, which leads to:<br />- External power supply through an additional cable, which uses the only usb slot of the tablet. The dock connection is not used as power supply, which is a lost opportunity<br />- Weight distribution is subpar and one of the major issues. Keyboard is way too light and tablet is slightly heavy. If they had more functions built in in the keyboard, they could have distributed the weight better. Can somebody tell me why they miss this opportunity to kill two birds with one stone?<br />- Loud clicks of trackpad. Just for you picky users.<br />- Exhaustion could be little quieter, but okay.<br /><br />All of the above bugged me, but I was ready to overlook at those cons and accept this bad boy with all its flaws. But the last con set an end to our &#34;relationship&#34;:<br /><br />---In laptop mode, the tilt angle is highly restricted.  Due to the bad weight distribution, the OEM did this intentionally, otherwise the tablet would fall back. The tilt angle is some essential feature which no laptop user ever has appreciated because it is a MATTER OF COURSE. Never ever had somebody to worry about this feature. When the sun shines, or tall ppl use the laptop, you want to tilt the display more than 10°. This is sheer not possible with this one.<br /><br />I cannot work with this. Considering I spent 1300 bucks for the i7, I should be satisfied for at least the next four years. Nobody wants to commit to such along-term &#34;relationship&#34; where the partner cannot bend over properly...<br /><br /> If you go for a cheaper version like i3 and you can live with the cons, go for it! It was rly a pity for mebecause anything else is everything I wanted in a 2-in-1 Device.<br /><br />Peace out<br /><br />P.S.: My alternative will be the Surface 3 Pro. I abandoned my demand for an solid and elegant keyboard. Yoga2 Pro and XPS are not &#34;real&#34; tablets and macbook pro is excellent in finish, but also not tablet.
R2E0BOIDEY76PC	adjudicated	1	I bought these to protect our keyboards from spills and crumbs.  However, they make it so difficult to push the keys accurately.  The one I got for the office, I have even taken off because I found I was constantly pushing the wrong key.
R1682KSR4UDTLM	adjudicated	1	It is a pretty case, but for some reason mine couldn't stand when converting to the stand pose.  Build quality is good though.
R2OCKQCYJSJ5HF	adjudicated	4	I like a mouse with a lot of extra buttons. Buttons that can be custom-configured to my liking. My ideal mouse would be wireless and have, in addition to the standard buttons & scroll wheel, separate buttons assigned to middle-click, ctrl, delete, shift, copy and paste. Maybe one for alt too.    After reading that the buttons on this mouse were configurable I thought it would do the trick, but sadly it does not.    Only some of the buttons are configurable - the 4 behind the scroll wheel and the black button on the side are not. They're permanently set to built-in features of the mouse (DPI settings and a macro function) - settings that I not only don't plan to use but that are outright inconvenient if you hit one of those buttons by mistake.    On the positive side the basic functions are fine - it tracks well, the buttons respond fine and it works as a mouse should. The scroll-click and the 2 silver side buttons are user configurable, but at this price I just want more control - the additional buttons could have easily been made user configurable as well.    Another bad design choice is the charger. It's USB only. I want to charge the mouse while I'm not using the computer. Overnight generally. However when I turn off my PC for the day it no longer supplies power to the USB ports so the mouse doesn't charge. A simple solution would have been to supply the charging and RF transmitter \\"puck\\" with an AC adapter. Make that a 4-port USB AC adapter and then put two USB cables on the puck - one to connect to the PC and one purely for power and you'd really have a nice extra feature - and people who do leave their computers on all the time could simply ignore the AC adapter.    It's problematic - I'm experimenting to see if putting my PC into sleep mode will allow the mouse to charge, but I'll probably wind up having to use an external battery charger instead. Another thing in the plus column is that the mouse uses 1 standard size AA battery (it comes with a rechargeable).    Given the high price you get too many problems and not enough features for the money - I think I should have bought the $20 MS Explorer mouse that comes with a charging cradle instead. It has fewer buttons but if you only count the configurable ones it works out the same.      Couple other things; this is a large mouse. Full size. So keep that in mind. Works for me, but for people with smaller hands it may not.     The mouse comes with 3 sets of feet (extras stored in the puck). I couldn't tell any difference between them and the mouse actually still worked fine on a mouse pad with no feet installed. I'm just using the default ones.    The magnetic charging cable is pretty slick, nicely designed, but the problems with it being USB-only detract from that pretty seriously.
R17KVP4SA2AG0W	adjudicated	1	This kindle freezes almost every time I use it.  I can be doing something and  the screen freezes then after 30 seconds or so, the kindle shuts off and comes back on.  My old kindle never did that.  I don't know what the issue is, but it is very irritating.
R1BEUZNZWM84R7	adjudicated	1	I used this on my yacht to get wifi from the marina. It had to be plugged into the PC to work and did help a little. I could then use the PC to rebroadcast the wifi but the connection was iffy. I ended up using another wifi repeater that enables me to get wifi direct without the PC now and that seems like a better solution for me. No longer using it.
R1RI90ZKIY4RH7	adjudicated	3	I got this as a case and keyboard for my Arnova 10 inch tablet. The keyboard does work but the stylus does not, it is very cheap plastic and the touch screen  will not respond. Also the holder tabs that hold the tablet in place on the left side of the case are right where the power button is for the tablet so I will have to cut part of that holder tab off so it does not keep turning my tablet on and off. Otherwise it is ok. It is definitely synthetic material and looks nothing like leather. It is somewhat solid and has the stand on the back to hold the unit upright. The Arnova is not as high as the case but is held in well with some modifications as mentioned earlier. Overall not bad for the price for some other tablets. Not perfect but will do for now.  Sharon
R2UP0JPCF0YDH5	adjudicated	0	Great for fun not for longevity.
R1SST37L4N3KNV	adjudicated	2	As I type using this monitor, it wiggles back and forth, causing the words to dance in front of my eyes.<br />I think that the thin stand, combined with the horizontal size of the monitor, might be working against me here, because even the slightest tapping on the desk causes it to shake and wobble.<br /><br />The image, color, and slimness of the monitor look great - if it weren't hopping around like it was holding in pee I'd be really happy.<br /><br />I'll give it this: a dancing monitor is cute, in a \\"brave little toaster\\" king of way. It bop-bop-bops its head along with my work.. but I had to send it back to Amazon (which was easy) and now I'm on the search for a less physically excited monitor.
R1ZT9QP1PA6X9D	adjudicated	2	I got this touchpad to help with my arm and shoulder issues. It bothers me to hold down a touchpad button when scrolling and to dragging-and-dropping so I have given up using a mouse long ago. I have a Microsoft natural ergonomic keyboard which I really like, but is huge and doesn't leave a lot of space for a touchpad / mouse / trackball.  This touchpad does its job, but still doesn't really fit on my microsoft keyboard  and iis not as smooth to use as the built-in touchpad on my laptop or the Logitech k400 keyboard + touchpad which I'm now trying out.
R2V4QDRA7YJVSH	adjudicated	3	The screen is a bit small, for the picture I thought it was a big bigger. I wonder if the picture has real size  I don´t quite like the transition between page, since it blinks, but I suppose is how the technology works. Still I didn´t know it worked that way.  Also the touch screen is just for click and has a slow reaction, compared with iphone for eg.  Another thing I didn´t know is that the screen doesn´t have light, so you can´t read unless you have a separate light.  Apart from that, I think it fulfills its purpose of being light and save space at home (I have a lots of books already).  I´ll use it a lot :)
R1MRX9IDEW8FT2	adjudicated	2	I bought this keyboard to go with my windows 8.1 dell venue pro 11 tablet. Its a very sleek and study keyboard with nice buttons and a great feel all around.<br /><br />Have had several issues with the tablet interfacing with the key board from time to time. sometimes it will freeze and i have to window-key out of something and back in to get the keyboard back on track. Sometimes the mouse pointer disapears and wont come back unless i tab in and out of the application.<br /><br />I just expect things to work seemlessly when the tablet and keyboard are both so expensive
R3ONEXTGOFUOVY	adjudicated	1	THIS IS JUST WHAT I NEED FOR WRITING INFO ON AND OFF TO MY MICRO SD CARD I USE THIS FOR MY LUMACE BLUETOOTH SPEAKER TO ADD MUSIC TO THE CARD USING MY LAPTOPS USB PORT
R1GX7G8C4ADDS4	adjudicated	4	This item is not perfect. Unfortunately, I do not believe it is worth the $50 that it cost, and it is most certainly not worth the list price. However, it is pretty much the cheapest price out there. First of all, the packaging was absolutely horrible. The box arrived with bulges and tears in it as if the product was going to burst out at any moment. Thankfully, no pieces appear damaged and all the parts were present. There was only one scratch on one of the metal legs, which I can deal with.<br />The item itself does not take too long to put together, and the instructions are relatively easy and wordless, using only picture. Just make sure you pay good attention to the pictures and the direction pieces in are facing in the pictures.<br />When the item is put together, it is a little wobbly. I have read that other reviewers say it is wobbly because the adjustable part of the table does not tighten all the way, but that has not been an issue for me. My laptop caddy is wobbly because the post that connects the table to the legs is not very sturdily attached. I have not worried about it falling over or anything (I am clumsy and have bumped into it several times already without wheels leaving the ground), but it does wobble a bit as you type, as I believe others have mentioned.<br />Another issue I have is that the fixed table next to the adjustable table is slanted - probably a design flaw. I had read about this issue in other reviews and thought that maybe it was one bad product, or maybe it was put together wrong. I don't believe this to be true not, I really believe it is a design flaw. Since the adjustable table can tilt both directions, it supports both left handed and right handed people. The slant in the fixed table would not be a problem for left handed people because, in the left handed position, the fixed table would tilt toward you. But using a mouse in the right handed position, the table tilts away from me. This tilt also makes me concerned that items might more easily fall off.<br />Overall, the item is okay. I find it very easy to adjust the table for different purposes, and it is a plus that the height is adjustable. Since it is the cheapest out there, it is okay for the price.t more easily fall off.<br />Overall, the item is okay. I find it very easy to adjust the table for different purposes, and it is a plus that the height is adjustable. Since it is the cheapest out there, it is okay for the price.
R1DSJ7P18HNBQC	adjudicated	2	This bag is okay if the lap top would just fit but it is too hard to close the zipper. I have an ASUS 15.4\\" and it is very thin. This bag was just too tight for the laptop. Now I have to return it and wait look for something larger. I like the leather handles and the multiple storage compartments but I'm sure Targus has something better.
R1J7Z7S4FJWCAV	adjudicated	1	I like the tablet, and in general it does a great job. I think if I had realized it was missing google apps, I probably would have avoided it. Ultimately it was for a child, so the Freetime environment was a big selling point.<br /><br />If I was the primary user, or if I spent any amount of time on it, It would be returned.<br /><br />I'm not saying it should have the google play store, I realize they they are content competitors for books/videos, but it should support google accounts and apps like maps/youtube/chrome.<br /><br />Freetime short-comings include not being able to access all the kids prime instant video content while in Freetime. Freetime just has a limited selection of videos to choose from. I figure I'm paying for both, and Amazon controls both, my kids should be able to access both at the same time.<br /><br />I would not recommend it as a tablet for anyone who uses google products.
R18FPGQECBK0PV	adjudicated	3	While the Kindle Paperwhite obviously gets rave reviews from most, I find it a flawed product, with a screen not as easy to read as the Kindle Keyboard and with shadowing at the bottom that can be more than a little bit annoying.<br /><br />First, there is the issue of quality control. The first Paperwhite I got had a bad flaw in the case directly above the screen. Amazon (as always) was glad to replace it. The second Paperwhite came with a damaged screen (a bright white spot) and Amazon was once again glad to replace it. My third Paperwhite has arrived and seems to be in good shape, but the light & shadow effect at the bottom is more noticeable than on the previous two. I am going to keep it and live with it.<br /><br />For those upgrading from a Kindle that had physical buttons (like the Kindle Keyboard) adjusting to tapping and swiping the keyboard instead of pressing the keys takes a little getting used to. Personally, I think the keys were better.<br /><br />And then there is the big selling point: the lit screen. Yes, it can now read in a dark room without buying an add-on light, but the brighter you make the screen, the more pronounced is the light & shadow effect at the bottom. Also, I find that reading from a very bright screen produces eye fatigue pretty quickly. People may want to dial down the screeen from the brightest settings.<br /><br />The Kindle Paperwhite is still a good product and nobody can come close to Amazon's customer support (which is a very big plus) but scale back your expectations just a little.
R1M8T5WRPG6ZOE	adjudicated	1	The battery is twice as thick as the one it replaces. The online description did not indicate that the battery is oversize.
R1AB760MEZ1TH9	adjudicated	2	As numerous others have noted, this is a good cover at a budget price.  My only gripe is that the cutout for the headphone plug is not big enough to allow all headphones to fit completely in.  If your headphones have thicker diameter of plastic/rubber at the plug, you will not be able to completely seat them in the iPad, making them useless.  Fortunately I have a couple different sets of headphones and found one that fits, but this seems a pretty basic design issue to overlook.
R2U1MM1TV69SKT	adjudicated	0	its fine it does what it is suppose to do
R2DEWQ9G63PUK9	adjudicated	2	The one page of instructions in Japanese were not helpful.  Also there is no HDMI port.  Information on the site could have been more helpful
R3NLZSDB3CAJQ6	adjudicated	3	I had a SwissGear backpack for 2 years but due to a shoulder injury, needed to switch to a roller case.  This case was exactly what I was looking for and working out pretty good.  This case is not a little case and may be too big for some people.  The only negative that I have so far is with a 2 week business trip, one of the seams is coming apart (and I have tried not to overload it).  The wheels and handle have been working great (these were my concern before I bought it).
R3RVUSK4GY1L3F	adjudicated	3	The archos 9 has been a great product  its first day out of the box for both home & Office. At home it made a great Side computer wile in full screen gaming mode on my PC, I was able to stay upto date on some fourms and hook up my team speak client to it saving vital resourses i needed for the game. At work well lets say i work in a 100,000 sg/ft furniture store it was very handy to use on my floor walk to see new product that needed to be ordered as well as tend to maney other ishues on the fly with out making a exstensive list to take back to my office to do all again on the computer it litterly cut a 4 hour job down to a hour & half...      The initial setup up was quite fustrating however seeing the onscreen keyboard would not start up till after i had went through all the setting stage but that i feel was a acceptable fualt with it.     prior to purchasing this item i had looked at other options such as the android version and Ipad and knowing people whom have these systems have played a bit. I am overall satisfied with the archos 9 for it versibility and preformance the other guys are just a wast of hardware unless your life consist of playing and surfing . the archos 9 is a work horse
R2N0OBD7SP53SZ	adjudicated	3	After being tired of on-board sound, and hoping for more out of a dedicated card, I turned my attention the Asus Phoebus. You can see my review of the product on its page. Not to be deterred, I decided to try again. Perhaps drop the budget and get a \\"mid\\" tiered card. I saw this card, as well as the many reviews speaking of driver problems. I used the drivers from their website and still felt the sting of driver install troubles. I found the unified drivers website, installed it and am satisfied on this front. I don't know if bad drivers should count, but I'll let them count here, as part of the total package/experience.<br /><br />And here's the surprise: Some reviews claim this card was a tremendous boost for their sound experience, and it has convinced to switch from onboard to dedicated sound cards. For me and my short experience tonight, I am underwhelmed. Where my onboard audio may not have been as amazing or top-notch as the short lived Phoebus card I sent back, this card can't keep up with my onboard in the low areas. booms of explosions and rumbles, both from games and a movie, suffered from heavy distortion. My onboard wasn't super amazing, but it did not do this. So in my search for an upgrade, I was semi-pleased with the Phoebus- though some areas left me angry- but this product was actually the proverbial two steps back. I intend to tweak the audio settings to determine if there's anything to be done to save my lows, but if not, I may very well send this product back and stick solely to onboard until I can afford either the STX or ST models. I may even crawl back to Creative... It is true that the card features a swappable op-amp, but should I really buy another op-amp part to improve the sound?<br /><br />A special note: After I finally got the drivers from Asuus website to work, I suffered extreme framerate loss in counter-strike. This game has been running at around 100-120 FPS before, and with the updated drivers, fluxuated between 90 and 40 during\\"intense\\" firefights (It is a source game.. Not that hard to run). Research suggested the card and software had latency issues, but these were solved with the low latency option of the unified drivers.<br /><br />Obviously, we get what we pay for, in terms of payign for quality and after purchase support. That is still true for this card. It sounds \\"comparable\\" to my onboard and even the Phoebus in everything but the low range. But the claim of \\"immense bang for buck\\" was not foudn here in my experience. If you are building a cheap computer or need a replacement, then perhaps this card will be worth your time. If you're looking to walk the line between cheap and quality, think again.
R1EQHC5Q56DENM	adjudicated	3	I have purchased HP products for many years without complaint.  But this unit is an exception.  Yes, the picture is beautiful and bright, and the mouse unit works perfectly with the computer.  But the touch screen has caused me many a headache.  It has frozen  four times.  Calls to India (HP tech support) have had mixed results.  Moreover, the keyboard is cheap and difficult.  And the Mail app is giving me one hell of a time.  Windows 8.1 (God knows I hate it) doesn't support POP accounts, so one must buy Office and use Outlook with your POP address.  After a time I got it to work.  But the Mail app intercepts some of the time (now all of the time) and reprints e-mails designed to appear in Outlook. The experts in India just do not know how to handle this.  That operation, by the way, needs some attention.  Like some instruction for 8.1.  In retrospect, I should not have made this purchase.  HP is out of its depth, which is disconcerting to say the least.
R2F91089J1PQME	adjudicated	1	Did not come with a 1 year subscription as advertised.
R109HW719C8F3Q	adjudicated	2	If you are a perfectionist do not buy this item. I bought two knowing I would need a test one to test the installation process. The first piece went on OK buy there were a few pieces of dust that got captured between the protector and the screen. When that happens you are left with air bubbles that will never go away. I tried to remove the dust, that only introduced more dust between the screen and protector. I installed the second screen with the same results. I ended up removing the screen protector entirely. The problem is the static that develops when you remove the protective plastic backing before you apply the protector to the screen.<br /><br />On the upside, if you can get past the dust problem the protector is very effective as eliminating glare without effecting the touch screen's usability.
R1SY2IRVA5T1Z8	adjudicated	1	i encountered no problems with SD and SDHC cards, but with a 64GB SDXC card this adapter only reported a 32GB capacity.  A different SDHC reader correctly reported 64GB.  So if you plan to use SDXC cards, you may have problems.
RUCUI8FTFZR6Z	adjudicated	1	This skin is beautiful but it was a bit too big for my Macbook Pro 13 Retina Display. I had to cut off the edges for it to fit, and now they aren't smooth .
R347L05FMPBHS	adjudicated	1	You can't view content that requires flash player and there are no apps at this time. I tried reading in forums, installed dolphin player and nothing. Otherwise it's a great tool to read ebooks
R1JUGLMSLUM00V	adjudicated	3	I purchased this camera as a baby monitor & grandparents camera. It works OK, but beware a few issues:<br /><br />1. Although Linksys tells you it is Vista compatible, it isn't really. You can view the camera through any IE web browser, but if you want to view recorded video clips or use the Linksys recording/monitoring utility, don't plan on using Windows Vista. I've been arguing with Linksys since I received this camera over this issue. I took me three days and four of their \\"engineers\\" to finally get someone who had the capability to understand the issue and try to help. Even then, I was advised that Microsoft is at fault for not making Vista so that all pre-vista products will run in it. They say they're considering updating their software, but will not give a time to update. Keep in mind that Vista has been available to Linksys for testing and development for almost a year, and they act like this is an issue that I pointed out to them.<br /><br />2. The audio on this camera is flaky. When I first set it up and plugged it in, the audio was remarkably sensitive. I could hear everything in the room through the camera. After a month of use, the audio is seriously degraded. I have to reboot the camera frequently to get any audio from it. Yesterday when I was testing it, I had to get my wife to stand 2 feet from the camera and talk directly to it in order to hear anything from it. The Linksys customer forum has previous customer postings on this issue, from 6 mos to a year ago, and the recommended solution was to update the firmware on the camera. I'm running a firmware that was released in the past two months.<br /><br />3. Linksys' customer support forums are heavily censored - one of the best resources available to Linksys customers is their customer forum, where customers can go to share knowledge and experience on their products. What I discovered is that the forum moderators don't like customers to describe negative experiences they have with Linksys products. I was banned from their forum for my insistence that Linksys was not providing good customer support over their inability first to acknowledge and then to effectively address the Vista compatability issue described in item number 1 above. I didn't use any bad language or make any defamatory claims, but I was banned for life from their forum for \\"bashing\\".<br /><br />Aside from those issues, the camera was very easy to set up. The picture is good. It doesn't matter what kind of home networking gear you have (you don't have to have Linksys). I have the camera connected wirelessly, and it works fine (except for the audio problems). The PTZ controls work well through the web browser. If you're in the room when someone is viewing you through the camera, there is an activity light that flashes on the front of the unit.<br /><br />If you can look past the audio issues, the non-compatability with Windows Vista, and the poor support from Linksys, this seems like a good camera. I haven't used the competing DLink, Siemens, Panasonic, or other products, so I can't compare.forum for my insistence that Linksys was not providing good customer support over their inability first to acknowledge and then to effectively address the Vista compatability issue described in item number 1 above. I didn't use any bad language or make any defamatory claims, but I was banned for life from their forum for \\"bashing\\".     Aside from those issues, the camera was very easy to set up. The picture is good. It doesn't matter what kind of home networking gear you have (you don't have to have Linksys). I have the camera connected wirelessly, and it works fine (except for the audio problems). The PTZ controls work well through the web browser. If you're in the room when someone is viewing you through the camera, there is an activity light that flashes on the front of the unit.    If you can look past the audio issues, the non-compatability with Windows Vista, and the poor support from Linksys, this seems like a good camera. I haven't used the competing DLink, Siemens, Panasonic, or other products, so I can't compare.
R3E9DN60806V8C	adjudicated	2	Received a refurbished unit and the WiFi portion wasn't working.  Checked the status using the web interface and said \\"Init Failed\\".  I updated the firmware to the latest revision but no help.  Great return service form Amazon though!
R493WRJ6RPFFR	adjudicated	3	I purchased the Chromebook and in the beginning was pretty satisfied with it. I read other peoples reviews and pretty much knew what I was getting. At first I felt that I got the bang for the buck, but then I started using it to watch video streams off the internet. I thought watching video would be a strength of the Chromebook since it is designed primarily for internet use so this is one of the reasons I purchased this device. I have found that this model does not seem to work well with streaming video from the internet. It is jerky, freezes to the point that I have to hold the on/off switch down until it reboots. Some times it reboots on its own. For example I went to the Crackle web site and tried to watch a TV show or movie. Forget it unless you have incredible patience and don't mind restarting your computer over and over. About 4 times in a half hour show. I have tried other web sites just to make sure it was not something to do with the Crackle web site. I also watched the same shows on my laptop with no problems.<br /><br />Pros - There are a lot of things I do like about the Chromebook; Very light, small and good for normal internet browsing. Good for linking to Google drive, email, calendar etc. Sound quality is decent. Battery last about as advertised. I do like the feel of the keyboard although it does not have a delete key only a backspace key.<br /><br />Cons - Doesn't seem to do well when watching video.<br /><br />Would it work in a school setting, which is what I bought the Chromebook for? I would think so, except for watching video.<br /><br />Hope this helps
R34MYEDGZY5JJ0	adjudicated	2	Product performance (keyboard) is good. I am no so satisfied with its physical design however, i find the leather case oversized by about half inch on both left and right sides in relation to the tablet. It is also about 1-1/4\\" thick when closed making it even thicker than many laptops and netbooks that were recently released. Back camera hole is a bit offset with the camera.
RK0EJT0U5LHNT	adjudicated	1	It is a great alarm/radio with good speakers.  I could not get it to work with my iPad 2 by docking it, although other reviews said it worked.  Maybe the unit I got was defected. However, by checking the specifications of the unit it said the docking output was only 7.5W.  If I am not mistaken, iPad 2 needs 10W to charge the battery.  I returned the unit and bought a more expensive model, Philips DC390/37, and the new unit worked wonderfully with my iPad2.
R1NZXTQJUCAMZ9	adjudicated	2	Preferred previous Kindle with buttons,it seemed easier to use. And it only comes with an adapter to charge from a computer.   Fortunately, my cell phone has an adapter that fits. It seems smaller than the older kindle.  I am getting used to it.
R10MDDF307EMF5	adjudicated	1	got this for my old hp g60. definitely the right battery my only issue is that it only lasts about 90mins instead of the close to three hours the original battery used to last. Other than that it is perfectly fine thus far.
RY20H3MJBJC1Z	adjudicated	1	Not a useful easy to use device.  The dvd's tend to stick in the player and not come out.  It takes quite awhile to get the disc out!
R1VFUR57PKOLT4	adjudicated	2	The Android 4.2 is a lie, but internally says it is android 4.2 what is not, is an old version. The application space in the internal memory is 512MB which is enough to download only the most common. For a child to it very useful but not for an adult. I use it for my daughter and it works great for playing videos on youtube and I have engraved you on the sd memory. In short there is very limited space applications
R3H429MXGJRIY8	adjudicated	1	Jury is still out. Supposedly a faster processor makes it quicker to load. I see no change from my previous and smaller kindle.
R1F3CF5ZM7DCR3	adjudicated	2	A great product, it really is. Unfortunately once it dies, as mine did, the only solution was to replace it. It froze after a year and a half. I tried every suggestion to reset it with no luck. There was no &#34;send it in for repair&#34; just a &#34;you'll have to replace it, we can offer you a new one at reduced price&#34;. The reduced price was something like $20 off. Not good enough. A product with limited lifespan, A throw away product for $350. A good product but 2 years lifespan isn't good enough.
R3FNHCQ4GU3Y41	adjudicated	3	It's really difficult to find a good combination wireless keyboard and mouse.  I've tried Logitech's more expensive expensive [[ASIN:B000J43HJ8 diNovo Edge]], and the trackpad is nearly unusable.      Overall the IOGear is better and much cheaper - in terms of both price and construction - but it's by no means perfect.  The trackball material is horrible, and it sometimes doesn't register quick movement.  Once you slow down to a speed it likes, it gets the job done.  The keyboard is fairly good, but has some odd button placements that take a bit of getting used to.    I'd recommend this for an HTPC that will get occasional use as a PC.  I would not recommend it if you'll be using the keyboard for extended periods of time, however.
R1LPR2VNUOGSFL	adjudicated	2	it is a good case except when you are making phone calls for some reason the screen blacks out and you cant get back to the phone screen when you are done to hang up. dont have that issue without the case. the price was right when i got it and it will do to i can find an otterbox
RZBNJHXMIOGVC	adjudicated	2	When I first got the nighthawk I was amazed, but after about three weeks strange things started to happen to my PC, four days ago I turn my PC on and there is no internet, no virus protection up and running, I got hacked big time the nighthawk had two reddish lights on and I could not do anything with it. My wife calls into netgear technical support and they seemed to be very knowledgeable about what happened &#34;TO KNOWLEDGEABLE!&#34; For an additional 399 dollars I can got a 3 years unlimited tech support and lifetime protection. Maybe it is just me but seems odd. And one more thing I was told I cannot view who has logged into my Router however when I went to www.routerlogin.net there was an IP log for my router &#34;ODD' it was empty except for that day. I check the log often now.
RTLPNNQSYQGC9	adjudicated	2	Smaller than expected. It appears to be designed to fit your hand, but only if your hands are super small... Other than that, it connected right away, great tracking and you can change speed/sensitivity via the DPI button on top. Batteries are included... Although, the battery compartment is a little annoying to open, if I ever manage to do so... Also, works just fine on Mac OS, but Windows 7 chokes, recognizing the mouse, but failing to use it anyway.
R9SJQWMGIWEX9	adjudicated	2	I used this product to clone my laptop hdd to a new Samsung SSD 840 pro, and it worked as advertised, Im giving it 3 stars because the Samsung cloning software could not detect the drive if connected to a USB 3 port, I had to used the slow USB 2 instead. I don't know if it Samsung's fault or Apricorn's.
R2D459850EGTFM	adjudicated	1	The case didnt close all the way but it did allow the screen to shut down on the ipad. Was better than the first one i ordered.
R1L0OJYTVAQQ9J	adjudicated	1	price was right,just wish the cord was a bit longer,but other than that its ok,does not stay in the wall plug good
RLEO090I0EYIK	adjudicated	3	I actually purchased this case for use with an Acer Iconia A500 10.1\\" tablet to make use of the usb keyboard. Please note: The Acer does fit into this case and works very well with the usb of the Acer but it does slide around a bit. The keyboard works well but sometimes the keys like to stick. The interior of the case really needs to be lined with a soft material to prevent slipping and scratching. The keyboard actually rests directly against the screen and a protector is not optional since the keys will cause scratching of the screen if the tablet moves too much. All-in-all this is actually a good addition to your tablet since it makes a good stand to hold the tablet for viewing and the portability of the compact usb keyboard is great.
R1N3YIX7AMLA8X	adjudicated	2	This product is OK but does not shine like a high-quality product. The goal of this problem is to solve for the tension on the cable and the pivot force.<br />(1) Finishing: The cover looks a bit thin, nearly paper-thin at edges. While not expecting that the cover will be protective, I fear that the uretan layers will tear apart at edges.<br />(2) Design issue: The cover is attached to the back plastic case. The problem is that the front cover does not cover firmly. It will wobble sideways from the tablet. This cause a problem when you try to put the tablet inside your bag or briefcase. The front cover should have started at the front edge at the bottom of the plastic case.<br />Otherwise, color is bright and genuine, the plastic case fits well.
R2Z2PO4XK2L66I	adjudicated	2	Good product. This cover is great the only issue I find is it doesn't automatically turn off the iPad. Otherwise it's pretty good cover. Fits well and snugge.
RPXV65V7HCMA4	adjudicated	3	This connected to the Bluetooth on my Mac Mini and worked fine untill batteries went dead after initial charge and an hour of use. Would not recharge. I emailed Macally and they responded to turn mouse off before placing on charger. Super tiny little switch on mouse bottom. Still wouldn't charge so I took batteries out and reinstalled. It charged but would not recharge even with switch off.<br /><br /> I bought this to make life simpler and to free up a usb port. My Microsoft wireless mouse's receiver is now plugged back in and it works flawlessly as always. Batteries last 3-4 months with daily use.<br /><br /> Amazon gladly took it back though and even paid postage back- no hassle.
R10I9YLVKHGMCY	adjudicated	1	I bought this as a backup if my service provider ADSL modem burned out. It was hard to set up on Embarq of TX and so I bought a Zoom ADSL modem from Best Buy. I would recommend the ZOOM modem instead because it was much easier to set up. However I did finally get the DLink modem to work. I still kept it as a backup. Thanks.
R1NWYRGMD7C4Q4	adjudicated	1	As the other reviews have mentioned, this battery is a perfect fit original replacement battery for MBP laptops.  Upon inspection, the battery has never been used and its cycle count shows 0 charges.  The battery that received indicated that it was 1.9 years old using the battery health application. Lithium Polymer batteries, like this one are subject to aging that reduces their performance over time even if unused.  So while this battery has not been used, I'm not sure that I'd call a 2 year old battery new.  New Old Stock (NOS), would probably be a better description.  Considering that this battery is half the price of what the Apple store charges, I think its a decent value for the money.  If it lasts half as long as a \\"new\\" battery, I will have gotten what I paid for.
R3P36GPF8S08C2	adjudicated	2	This product is well manufacctured but I thought the materials used were a bit \\"cheesy\\". It is for a gift. I'm hoping the Amazon gift card will make up for it. It is for a guy and my husband thought it was okay, so maybe the giftee will too. I just expected a tad bit better materials. Not so crazy about the caramel color either. It is on the orangey side instead of brown. If it was for me I would return it.
R29U8J35EUK1NC	adjudicated	1	No instructions-why does it say built in am sleep function?  Hard to get to on/off switch  ok for the price I guess
RB82U6EA3O82T	adjudicated	1	I purchased these stylus because I wanted to see how I liked using a stylus with my Google Nexus 7. I had seen other stylus in stores, but they seemed pretty expensive just to see if I liked using one. I found these on Amazon and ordered them not expecting very good quality, but figuring I would at least get the chance to try using a stylus and see if it was for me.<br /><br />They arrived yesterday, and the quality of the stylus is mugh higher than I expected and the tip seems to glide appropriately on the screen of my tablet. I think I am going to like using a stylus, but I don't think I will be running out to buy one, the 5 pack I ordered here will probably last me for a while.<br /><br />Shipping took a while, and there were no updates or tracking numbers available, but when they arrived they were packaged well and in good shape.
R1L0P82P38673W	adjudicated	1	Works okay under Arch Linux with the Dell XPS13. Kernel panics when monitor put into vertical orientation. Ubuntu 14.10 is very jerky.
RQVS11Y35OUSY	adjudicated	3	I like the Kindle fire 8.9 size because it is larger. Now that i have the Kindlefire.. my 2nd. My biggest peeve is that you can only purchase Kindle apps that will work on the Kindle fire.  there have been lots of time when I cannot view something because I cannot get the app to view it. Just having 1 camera is also not good, it is very limited and I do not use it at all. My daughter has the I pad and it is really good and takes good photos too. The KIndle Fire needs to be upgraded especially the one I have.
RU73A2LIBVCRY	adjudicated	3	I have generally liked this iPad cover, especially the magnetic shut-off when closing the case. The felt lining is a pet hair magnet, which is unfortunate (almost like Velcro- I can't even remove the hair with a standard lint roller). That's ok, but the biggest problem I have is that the little hook on the back of the case is positioned about an inch too close to the edge. This means that using it on a table in landscape mode is fine, but trying to turn the iPad around 180 degrees to view it upright doesn't work because the angle created by the hook on the case is such that the iPad is not supported and falls over backwards. So it can't sit up upright at all (neither in portrait mode, which the case isn't designed for, NOR in landscape mode which it's supposed to be designed for, which would be nice for displaying recipes on the counter while cooking, or trying to watch a TV show or movie).
R1O8TBCCR5ZUY3	adjudicated	2	This is my first tablet.  I was really excited to get it.  My excitement went away when trying to listen to music, surf the web, and just play when it just got too hot to hold.  It took about an hour before I just gave up.  I went from palming it to finger tip holding to turning if off to allow a cool down.  Even on the front, you could feel something wrong just swiping. The hot spot in the far right side middle in landscape orientation. I really like the features though.  The display is awesome.  If not for the high heat, this would have been a great tablet. I bought this to replace an aging laptop that becomes a furnace after a while of use.  I don't need two heaters.  I gotta believe that with a case on it preventing heat dissipation, this guy would eventually self destruct.  First time in years of using Amazon that I sent something back.
R1YN5MHM92NLZ	adjudicated	1	I have had an android OS tablet before as well as an android phone.  This is running a version of android so I thought it wouldn't be much different.  It wasn't what I expected.  I have to admit for the price it's quite a bit of product but not having access to the google play store was a deal breaker for me.
R3L6WRNYG9SXC	adjudicated	1	Speed is good.  Expected better range.  Does not reach well on the deck
R2R60XZAAYO8VG	adjudicated	1	This keypad was disappointing. Lighting is very dim at the high setting. Keys stick and must be hit very hard.
R1QC1O0DSG05CI	adjudicated	2	This case is worth the money, but is made with some very cheap metal.  Also, the LED fan does not connect to a standard ATX power supply, so u need to buy a converter ($5)
R2S9B5O7O07LCG	adjudicated	2	While the unit itself is OK, the person who decided it needed a proprietary plug in on a 6 inch cable should have been fired years ago.<br /><br />Even this cable is too short to have the unit recharging on top of a desk while it's plugged into a surge protector on the floor.<br /><br />So, I just took off the removable tip, hooked it up to a 3 foot long cable, and I use that.<br /><br />The cable is gathering dust.  This was not a good decision on Plantronics's part.
R3URXBG79920SN	adjudicated	0	I think it is over priced
R3FXQUPVAUU1U7	adjudicated	1	Love it but when playing games if freezes when purchasing extra moves so I don't purchase any more have to turn off my tablet took my money had to start all over not happy
R3IW59BJUIUEVE	adjudicated	1	I'm surprised that it was not compatible with Amazon Prime, works great for the iphone type games though.
R2NB039UW4COOA	adjudicated	2	this has a very thick rubber edging, however, would be perfect if a built in screen protector was added.
RIZHJF8TM4QFO	adjudicated	4	I did not want Windows 8 and this was a good deal for the few Windows 7 computers out there. The size and weight are very pleasing, and it came well packaged (not too much extraneous packing materials) and with a quality sleeve which was a nice surprise. If you have a lot of music, photos, or other large files, you will likely need an external hard drive and/or cloud storage as 128GB doesn't hold much, but the speed that the solid state drive and processor offer is fantastic, and the USB 3.0 ports charge my devices and transfer data incredibly fast.<br /><br />Here is why it gets a 3 instead of a 5. There was no prompting or instructions on creating back-up DVDs of the OS; it freezes several times a week and cannot be restored with Ctrl-Alt-Delete so I have to do a hard shutdown and lose my work; the cursor jumps around as I type and has resulted in many lines of text being deleted or having to cut and paste my work back in order. As I do a lot of writing, this is extremely frustrating especially in word processing; on a website I can move the cursor to a non-text area to prevent the jumping from affecting my typing (like now). And the power key is the same size as and right next to the delete key.
R1HKZ28B77AR3G	adjudicated	1	it took me a long time to apply the item but i did get it right thanks to the video
R3E7YHZ6GWRNQ9	adjudicated	2	My two complaints is that there isn't a volume control, and it would be nice if the LED would indicate when the battery is fully charged to avoid over-charging.  For a corded speaker, this works well enough.  This has better sound than my smart phone speaker.  And I am mainly using it indoors so outdoor noise does not interfere with what I am listening to.  What is nice is that when I am charging the speaker, it can still be used to listen to music.  A two to three hour charge is recommended.  One good thing is that this corded speaker will not have the connectivity problems that bluetooth speakers are known to have.
R3ADQB59B6STJV	adjudicated	2	I am fairly computer savy, but this was a real pain in the tail to set up.  the instructions are in broken English/Chinese.  Once set up, it has worked very good.  I can opperate the camera while I am away from home and it can be set up to send you an email with approximately 6 or 8 photos of whatever set off the camera.  It has programmable settings that allows you to pick specific points, kind of like hot-keys, pick #1 and the camera swings to point number one and select #2 and it will swing to the specific point you set for #2 and so forth.  It does NOT read colors very well though.  Black shorts may very well look purple in the pictures so it cannot be relied upon for say you saw a guy with a red shirt and blue pants, the subject may be wearing something completely different.  It can give you enough detail to identify someone based of physical features, just not colors.<br />Other than that, it works well.
R314HM1FHK2SXY	adjudicated	1	Love the design, but I quess I was expecting something more or something thicker.  I was not expecting something I peel off of a piece of paper and stick onto my Kindle.  However, I guess that is a vinyl skin.  Do not expect anymore for $20.
R1RG5LO83BQHNH	adjudicated	1	This is a nice SDHC card and works as expected/advertised. Nice build quality. But probably not worth at the list price ($20). I bought it on rebate and well worth if you get it at a decent price.
R1OEYCA6U69O69	adjudicated	1	It works, but the first time I pulled it out of the USB port, it fell apart.  I put it back together and it's fine.  Just be extra gentle with it and you should be OK.
RCZ7M7VNQHLBB	adjudicated	1	This stuff does clean but the instructions are not in English.  So when using don't forget about it takes it a bit to get between the keys but to long and it will get stuck under the keys.
RCO7Z5NREV5Y3	adjudicated	1	The artwork is awesome and that is what drew me to the product.  I got this for my Kindle Fire but they have skins for a wide range of products.  I guess I expected more than just a sticker for the price.  Other than that, it is a good product.  A great way to personalize your device.
R20AFGE10D1MID	adjudicated	1	The car charger works great the home charger not so great.<br />The porn charger so apart out of the box, but I manage to get it working.
R1IEMIP1CEF9O1	adjudicated	1	Purchased the BoxWave Capactive Stylus on April 16.  Within a few days the keyring string attachment that connects the stylus to the earphone jack of my iPad 2 broke.  As I did not want to return the item to Amazon because the item was still usable and it would cost more for shipping than I wished to pay, I emailed BoxWave who told me as I ordered it through Amazon, I would have to deal with them.  I called Amazon who told me I needed to deal with BoxWave.  I emailed BoxWave again and told them all I would like them to do is send me a replacement string attachment which hooks on with a simple ring. They have not responded to my second email.  It seems to me that the attachment is just a small, inexpensive part to replace. A bit disappointed with their customer relations.
RH606W8UKUCEX	adjudicated	1	Record audio level is not as strong as I think it should be.<br />Adequate, comes to mind.
R1023GKWTWLQPP	adjudicated	1	Meh, it's not what it says it is.  Low quality for a low price. Lesson learned.<br /><br />Also? It's light purple, not hot pink.
R1DAT1BU6WLIBN	adjudicated	1	Some of these seem to require more pressure than they should to work but they are okay for the money. The shorter ones seem easier to use than these slightly longer ones. I love that the plastic plug doesn't interfere with incoming calls or listening to music and they are always handy. Cheap enough to pass out freely to friends that have never used a stylus.
R3TK3LIZUTEI5D	adjudicated	1	I thought it was a good idea to have the built in light, but the description didn't match what I expected. It didn't fit my kindle so I sent it back. Wish the description was more clear about what the product was specifically for.....it didn't say it would not fit newest kindle reader.
R38DSS74MX4LNV	adjudicated	1	the tech armor was a little awkward to handle and no directions were given on how to make it fit.  Also, while it eliminated glare very well, fingerprints remained a problem!
R2Q0VJ2ZCX8H51	adjudicated	0	I love it but it was not working good
R38QC6UXAOSPK	adjudicated	3	I generally get my skins from skinit.  I liked the pattern on this one and decided to give it a try.  The skin didn't fit around the ports and buttons on my tablet case the way I'd hoped it would.  It's more a generic fit.  The wallpaper that is supposed to be downloadable isn't available.  None of them were.  I tried several times. I'll just take this one as a loss.
R1H1MQOBHL26TO	adjudicated	3	This headset is ok at first I used it for about a month and then it stopped working and I was furious. But all i did was mess around with the wires a bit and they worked fine just the quality sucks if you get anywhere near the wires.I hardly touched them and they came out but in the end it is a good headset. I play a lot of games and my main is CS:GO and I can hear people clear across the map and the bass is pretty good on these too. The microphone sucks my built in mic on my all in one pc has better quality but you really shouldn't be looking for a mic in a headset anyway. I should be giving these a two but i give it a three star being because they are comfortable and sturdy with decent sound good value headset, but watch out with the cheap parts on it.
R6HA3DA3XJP4I	adjudicated	3	For a cheap price, this is a pretty decent charger but it does get hot after an hour of using it. the tip where you connect your laptop to the charger is straight, not angled as in the picture. weeks ago, my laptop fell on the our carpeted floor and the side where my laptop was connected to the charger impacted on the floor first. since the charger tip is straight, the tip became bent/crooked after the impact. it still worked for a couple of days but it's tip eventually had a loose connection with my laptop and wouldn't charge it anymore. if it had an angled tip, i presume that maybe the tip wouldn't have been damaged that much and probably it still is working. anyway if you take good care of it and avoid laptop falls, then this charger would be just fine. the seller though has to change that innacurate picture.
R29RN57GXNNGPO	adjudicated	3	When the case is open it covers the camera lens and is difficult to hold and take pictures. If they would put  a hole in the face cover to expose the camera lens when the cover is folded back it would be great. Also the case does not allow the Ipad to swivel so that it can be set up in the vertical mode.
RWPOIVWGOZTUW	adjudicated	3	I do a lot of work now with the Dell mini notebooks for certain customers and they don't normally come with a DVD Rom, so I ordered this external drive in case I need to install something on a customer mini that isn't already installed.  It took quite a while to get to the office, once it did I looked at the box and it seemed as if it wasn't new which kinda irritated me, no seal at all.  Then when I opened the box there were scratches all over the surface of the external Rom that leads me to believe that the item was in fact used and cleaned up for resale.  The DVD Burner does seem to work but I'm irritated that it was passed off as new.  The unit still looks in very good condition, so that I don't give anyone the thought that it was really badly scratched. The scratches are very minor, like what would happen if you used a gritty paper towel to clean a shiny black surface.
R2TO4K3FT3LD49	adjudicated	4	I wanted to like this reservoir combo.  I have a lot of other XSPC parts and they're all top notch.  I also had a Laing DDC in my last build (going 8 years strong now) so I know what to expect with them.  However, this unit didn't work out for me as planned.<br /><br />The first problem is that the reservoir volume is too small for such a high flow pump.  It causes a lot of turbulence in the reservoir with no baffles to directly combat the problem.  This bubbling can allow a little air to reach the suction port in the bottom of the reservoir (because it's so small) and cause the pump to suck in small amounts and make noise.  This cavitation can be seen if you pull it out and look since it's clear.<br /><br />The second problem (and second star off) was the baffle directly below the fill port.  There is a very small amount of space and I frequently found an air bubble near the outlet tube would prevent any fluid from making it into the lower chamber which is the main area of the reservoir.  I had to pull it out and rotate it to make it go away.  It took forever to fill/bleed my system with this reservoir.  On my old system which had a full 5.25 reservoir (not a combo), I could fill the reservoir once, cycle the pump until reservoir is empty, fill again, cycle, and be pretty much done.  This thing was a royal pain.  To top it all off (pun intended), I can't find a reason for the baffle in this combo reservoir.  It does nothing for turbulent flow and only serves to make filling annoying.<br /><br />My last issue with its design is that it took a while to get the pump to completely bleed (being upside down) and start to move any fluid at all.  I tried rotating it at first to help it, but for some reason it didn't want to release the air.  I would briefly cycle it, but it didn't work well.  This was a huge show stopper.  I was about to pull the pump out, fill with coolant, then reassemble upside down (pump right side up) but it slowly worked its way out.<br /><br />All in all, not impressed.  I ordered a full size XSPC single bay res (great turbulence reducing baffles in that design that don't prohibit filling) and will use this included pump with an XSPC top and design the system like my old one.  Maybe I could use this in a system one day if I figure out a way to improve it.
R3SGNPA1GEJLZ	adjudicated	4	This is a great screen protector and pretty much lives up to its description.  However, it must be EXACTLY aligned on your Kindle Touch screen or things can get pretty hairy.  (And I do mean that somewhat literally.)<br /><br />When I put the first of the three screen protectors on, it didn't line up right.  So I carefully removed it and realigned it as instructed by the directions (and owing to personal experience having put screen protectors of this same type of material on mobile phones) and got it smoothed down perfectly with no bubbles.  OR SO I THOUGHT!!  There was one bubble and it wouldn't move no matter what I tried.  It turned out that there was a HAIR on the underside of the screen protector that apparently had made it all the way from China!  (I know it wasn't mine because it was the wrong color and shape of my hair and beard.)<br /><br />I attempted to removed the hair with a pair of tweezers but no joy.  Screen protector number one of three down the drain!  To the landfill you must go!<br /><br />Screen protector number two didn't want to line up at first either but I was more patient this time and got it on with less hassle.  Another interior bubble!  This time it was a tiny pebble-like particle of some type of polymer.  This screen protector had sealed so well to the Kindle Touch Screen that though I followed the directions precisely for removal, it simply would not come off.  I finally I had tweeze and squeeze the top left portion off and pray I didn't scratch up my Kindle's screen.  I was able to remove the unidentified non-flying object and reattach the screen protector.  But sadly, the top left corner has lost all adhesion.  Fortunately, the very top left portion of a Kindle Touch screen isn't essential for reading or just about anything so I left it on rather than waste the screen protector (The top left corner is protected but it simply lays there rather than being securely adhered to the screen). I decided to leave the third one of the set untouched for the future and HOPE that it doesn't have a hair or a micro-bead/pepple in it when I need it.<br /><br />In conclusion, this a GREAT screen protector if it is perfectly aligned and has no foreign materials on the adhesive interior side and once it is sucessfully applied to your Kindle Touch screen.  It defitely has added a layer of protection to my Kindle Touch and for that I'm very grateful.  I give it five stars for protection/smudge resistance but only one star for ease of application and the foreign materials that caused me to lose one of the screen protectors entirely (garbage cans, ho!) and a small amount of damage to the second one that now leaves me with only one back-up.<br /><br />In the end, if you only get one of the three screen protectors on successfully, you will be happy with the product but you will be very frustrated with the application if your experience was anything like mine.  So while I'd like to give it four stars overall, I just can't bring myself to do so because of the foreign materials that caused me to lose one screen protector entirely and partially damage a second without the desire to try for the third.<br /><br />And just as an afterthought, you should know it took me almost an hour and thirty minutes to finally get a screen protector installed semi-sucessfully during my mis-adventures in screen protection placement. Good luck!that it doesn't have a hair or a micro-bead/pepple in it when I need it.  In conclusion, this a GREAT screen protector if it is perfectly aligned and has no foreign materials on the adhesive interior side and once it is sucessfully applied to your Kindle Touch screen.  It defitely has added a layer of protection to my Kindle Touch and for that I'm very grateful.  I give it five stars for protection/smudge resistance but only one star for ease of application and the foreign materials that caused me to lose one of the screen protectors entirely (garbage cans, ho!) and a small amount of damage to the second one that now leaves me with only one back-up.  In the end, if you only get one of the three screen protectors on successfully, you will be happy with the product but you will be very frustrated with the application if your experience was anything like mine.  So while I'd like to give it four stars overall, I just can't bring myself to do so because of the foreign materials that caused me to lose one screen protector entirely and partially damage a second without the desire to try for the third.  And just as an afterthought, you should know it took me almost an hour and thirty minutes to finally get a screen protector installed semi-sucessfully during my mis-adventures in screen protection placement. Good luck!
R3IJQ6TYZLW7G6	adjudicated	1	I'm not sure if it's my remote or this keypad, but half the time when I put it on, it doesn't work and I have to take it off and put it back on again. Sometimes I even have to take it off again after that. And after owning it for about a year, the headphone port at the bottom stopped working which pretty annoying.
R302D7G7IRN09F	adjudicated	1	You can force an tf300t in the case, kinda defeats the purpose though. I bough this because it said it was for the tf300t if you get it in it looks ok and protects it well.
R2XD3XEK4OMLVH	adjudicated	4	Functionally, I like this product. I didn't want to risk damaging my screen, and this protector is thin enough that I can still make decent contact with the screen in order to tell my Kindle what I want it to do. I had been a bit worried that having a screen protector would reduce the effectiveness of my touching / tapping the screen, but the Kindle works pretty much the same as if it was not wearing a cover.<br /><br />Now for the bad part - how in the heck do I have a speck of dirt or dust between this protector and my screen?! I was beyond meticulous about applying the protector to the screen. I had two different and totally clean microfiber clothes out and was so careful to remove any debris from the protector before applying it. I applied it in a sterile environment. Now, there is a small speck of dirt or dust that is trapped between the screen and the protector. I can only conclude, due to the excessive amount of care that I took, that this spec was on the protector from the beginning and that it was between the protector and its sticky protective coating. In other words, that this speck was from the factory and that there was no way I could've wiped it off (because you don't wipe the protector after you peel off the backing - you just stick it down onto the Kindle). But, after spending thirty minutes taking excessive care and caution to avoid blowing the process and to properly align the protector with the edges of the screen, only to fail because of the speck, I called it a day instead of starting over with a new protector.<br /><br />Another bad aspect of this product is that you're paying for three protectors. I'd rather have paid less and received only one or two protectors. I didn't take away any stars for this, but would like to point it out as an observation. That is because the odds of me remembering where I put the extras if and when I do need a new screen protector are very low.
RH510XB4TPIBB	adjudicated	1	I have purchased this item in the past as a spare to take along with me to school, etc. and it usually lasts about a year before failing.  I use it every day and frequently plug and unplug the unit.  This one lasted about four months before one of the components needed to be replaced. The converter gets abnormally hot compared to the OEM, but for the money it is certainly worth considering.  I would buy it again.
RKJD45JRNZSZU	adjudicated	2	I ordered 4 to be used at my church.  One came with a broken arm and had to be sent back.  The others work okay.  With the way they attach, it is hard to get to the power button and difficult to plug anything in to the audio port, but if you can live with that, they do hold the iPads securely, are easy to put together and are easy to use.
R1OWNEJWV34IKT	adjudicated	4	This is the third version of this product I have purchased.  (Not due to breakage though:  the first 2 were lost.)  I use it to operate a computer from my couch, so I can watch TV shows.<br /><br />I love the fact that it has a touch pad.  I wish it worked better, though.  It's tempting to get up and use the mouse at my desk because it's hard to select exactly what I want from the pad.<br /><br />The only instructions in the box were how to pair with various devices.  It didn't include Linux/Ubuntu, but I got through it OK.  But it needs more.  For example, reception was an issue.  Plugging the Bluetooth adapter directly into the back of the computer only worked if the keyboard was connected via USB; otherwise reception was lousy/laggy.  The Bluetooth adapter NEEDS to be on a cable because it uses the cable as an antenna, I think.<br /><br />The Ubuntu drivers always see this device as &#34;0% charged&#34;.  Definitely not the case.<br /><br />It takes a few seconds to &#34;connect&#34; after being powered off or idle.  That seems to be true of most Bluetooth devices.<br /><br />I haven't used the keyboard much, but I have seen the repeating-key problem a few times already.  This NEVER happened in the Bluetooth model I bought in 2013 (B0043AV8ZE), but it did happen on the 2.4 GHz model (B003I60MBU).
R2B45SGI1JOFS6	adjudicated	3	Though I am well pleased with the increase in battery life, the weight of the battery certainly is a drawback. Worse yet, on occasion when I pick up the laptop and jostle the battery, it does a power down reset loosing whatever I may be working on - frustrating at the least.
R2X4N249W9YR53	adjudicated	1	Has a random operational issue (blue screen of death) I thought it was a bit slow
R23OQF57AW6NM7	adjudicated	3	the product itself is very solid, the clamp itself is adjustable to fit any thickness. the problem with the clamp tho, is the fact that it isnt padded. the bottom part that actually tightens is all metal. if there is any malformations onthe place that you are clamping on, i cannot say how well it will hold. the top portion of the clamp is padded, but barely. also, although the 4 section joint allows for most orientations, the up and down joint is limited by its own screws. the platform will never become a perfectly flat surface simply due to the fact that the screw that holds it in place is much to close to the arm. although it isnt a problem yet, this stand is better used to mount a screen rather than holding a laptop.
R3IQAH196IY1ZY	adjudicated	2	The product works okay but the burst rate is way below a proper CF card.  It would be good in an emergency for less than demanding applications.  I used this in a Canon 7D.
RLY5IBB5O6TP6	adjudicated	2	Tablet is very responsive. Cameras didnt work correctly had upside down issue. contacted seller and said it was a system error. Would off loved to be able to replace so i can have a totally fuctioning tablet and would of rated 5 stars and good buy but i wasnt able to. They did help me thou and refunded me part of the total cost. Tablet came with all cables and they sent an extra gift in there which i was happy about. Packing was really good. Apps work well and tablet itself is really good maybe i got that one in 100  with a defect meaning the cameras. They both work but have a mirror upside down issue as said. Quality of cameras is same as other andrpid tablets so i wasnt really looking forward to using them. Arived before est time. Very fast as a matter of fact. Seller was helpfull and answerd my concern really quick. Seems like other people got working cameras so i would recommend.
ROVSUNE6BUWG0	adjudicated	2	It is very lightweight compared to the original, plus it is only a 2 prong and comes detached easily. But the main thing, it does power up the computer!
R3AUAE7AVCY44E	adjudicated	2	Pros: Included quality PSU. Sturdy case.<br />Cons: No USB 3.0. 5.25in plastic bays pop out too easy. Tight fit with ATX.
R3K0TERGYRNKEJ	adjudicated	3	I bought this for an amd athelon 64 atx board so the duct doesn't line up-customer service said to remove this feature it works for intel only and amd's athelon 64 run cooler anyway.<br /><br />The door broke off the first day I used it, not because it was a defect but because it is weak when open because the hinge support is a small piece of plastic.<br /><br />The power supply may be to weak with my graphics card I wish I had a 500 watt. The case fan doesn't plug in to my mb which has amd's cool n quiet feature and would have controlled fan speed. The power supply fan does have feed back and is mostly quiet while the case fan has an internal 3 sped fan adjustment and can be left on low.  quite frankly any case would have been just as quiet if you get the right fans or install a fan controller or DIY install a 3 watt 25 ohm variable resistor/rheostat (google fan speed modding).  I think this is over priced old technology and I now hate drive door covers.
R3C77X55ZU4WML	adjudicated	1	After almost 2 months of trying every combination of data in the setup screen - as well as 2 unfulfilling calls to Panasonic - I was not able to pick up the internet with this device. I eventually sent it back. The item itself was neither here nor there but the lack of documentation for it made it into a frustrating experience.
R1126X5RV3E75S	adjudicated	3	This monitor works just fine on my 2013 Mac Pro and the current Mac OS does a great job making the UI a normal size so you can read it. In FCP X and Premiere Pro, 4K video is, indeed, 4K at 100% on the monitor.<br /><br />The problem with this monitor is I can't get it to color calibrate at all without a purplish hue over what should be white. It has Adobe RGB and I have used that, and I have done custom calibration using the Mac OS advanced calibration options under the Display preference.<br /><br />Even with a white screen, there is a slight pinkish or purple hue. Next to the Apple Thunderbolt Display, it's very apparent.<br /><br />The other problem with this monitor is the well publicized problem of it not waking up from sleep about half the time. You have to turn it off and back on to get it to wake. Apparently, it's an issue with the monitor and not the Mac since people with PCs are reporting the same issue.<br /><br />This monitor looks sharp though with text and user interface elements, just like a Retina iPad versus a non-Retina iPad. So if you want the Retina resolution to use traditional software, it's fine, I suppose. I wouldn't get this monitor if you need accurate color, though.
R2AIAXY97XHJEB	adjudicated	2	Didn't fit snug enough, but works to keep it protected.
R2LD719WBZNNVB	adjudicated	2	The case looks as pretty in person as it does in the picture.<br />Is very very slim though.<br />Doubt if it would give my kindle any protection if it fell on a hard surface..
R28BJ7G115HU8L	adjudicated	2	It was a little difficult to get into the case and the quality is so:so.  It looks better in the pic than in person.
ROPEZXIF5ZRBE	adjudicated	1	I love the laptop. But I just got in on August 6, and today is August 11. It has crashed and gone to the MACHINE_CHECK_EXCEPTION screen two times now and I am not sure who to contact or what to do. Other than that I'd recommend it, but the battery life is terrible.
R2F8YERDSZMW1	adjudicated	2	I ordered this modem hoping to replace the leased modem from Comcast to save a few bucks now that they have increased the lease fee to $5 a month. Got it from State Street deals and it was shipped promptly (shipment fullfiled by Amazon). I made sure that this model (DPC2100) is on Comcast's supported modem list before I ordered.<br />However, after working with Comcast tech support for a long time, we failed to make the modem to respond to head end request for initialization.<br />So this box went back to Amazon. I was hoping to get a replacement when I requested MRA, but they don't provide an option for exchange.<br />I would like to hear other customers' experience on using this modem with Comcast.
R38ZF32FZI8VXK	adjudicated	2	Love the long battery life. Hate the needs of constantly refreshing the tab. Only suitable if you open one or two tab at once. The memory cannot handle multiple tabs open at once. I returned the chromebook, now using macbook pro retina 13 inch, which  I am enjoying these days.
R3GQLNNAY6K4EQ	adjudicated	1	This device lacks personality.  All other tablet devices allow you to select a desk top scheme or use a personal photo.  That is what makes the device personal, and this would not have added to the cost factor.  Little things mean a lot.
R2Z64EXKSGK42	adjudicated	2	Item came with no stand, like the one you see in the picture for the item. Not sure if the case was damaged or not included at all. The case seems durable however and this product would most likely be excellent if the stand were included.
R3ORT37IHA50C7	adjudicated	3	The price was right, but the keyboard is obviously a refurb. Some keys came with scratches. I ended up using the backlight from the old keyboard because the power connector was broken on the one this came with. Keys feel different than my old keyboard but at least this one works. Took about 4 hours to install for someone who has never done this before.
R24CERCPCH4EU6	adjudicated	3	Pretty, easy to apply. But no matter how many times I repositioned the back skin, it impaired the Kindle's page-turn buttons on one side or the other. Finally I used scissors and trimmed some of the skin. Works fine, my poor surgery barely shows. Still--a step I didn't want to take.
R3GJVT145O2QY6	adjudicated	3	I installed Ubuntu 14.04 by using an external USB DVD-RW drive without any problem. The computer is pretty fast while I was running Hadoop 2.2.0 with pseudo-distributed mode. However, this Zotac box is very noisy. Its fan sometimes surges with actually no heavy cpu load. This is an experience I never got even for my old full size desktop PC with 2nd generation Intel Core i7 cpu. I wish the new Apple Mac Mini could have a 4-core Intel i7 cpu.
R1TCESNHQHS3N8	adjudicated	2	You'd think that putting on a simple screen protector would be easy? Not so much. Despite my vast experience with screen covers, I couldn't get this one on without numerous air bubbles. Despite many attempts to remove and smooth, I wound up with air bubbles all over the screen.  HOWEVER, I am glad I did not just remove it and toss it. After a day or so, the air bubbles dissipated (nearly invisible), and now I am only left with a few corners that won't lay flat no matter what I do.  It may not look perfect, but it gets the job done. Felt it should have performed better for the price.
R1R8ZRZA1LYN1S	adjudicated	2	I have the deluxe PCI-bus version of this thing that I've been able to use for all kinds of projects on my older computer.  When I upgraded to an HP Pavilion that only had ONE PCI bus, I had to buy this \\"PCI-Express\\" version, hoping to get some of the basic functionality I got on the PCI version (thanks, HP).  It does most of what the PCI version does, except for being able record from the MIDI output directly onto digital audio tracks. My Sonar documentation says it should work, and the Sonar tech support says it should work.  They say if it's not working, it's the card's fault. (It worked on the other card with Sonar, so I can't really argue with them.)<br /><br />I can't say what the Creative Labe's Tech support people say about it, because after an hour on hold and several unanswered e-mails, I gave up.<br /><br />As far as it stands now (several months after I purchased the card), this seems to be a good sound card for someone who wants to listen to music and play games, but not for someone who wants to use it for home recording.<br /><br />- Paul Race, Editor, Creek Don't Rise
R2GJJABJ2QSUKB	adjudicated	2	The size of the sleeve, was definitely proportionately made to fit all notebook 13.3. Very pleased with the fit, as well as the shipping turn around time, but a little dissatisfied with the color. I ordered a gray white combination, and it seems I received a navy-gray mix and white even purple in some lighting, but none the less still happy with product.
R3J0W3CXK5JOTA	adjudicated	3	The tablet is really nice, nice design, but slow.<br />The camera isn't nice and sound isnt as good as expected.
R8OHT7PPEEIPW	adjudicated	3	Pros<br /><br />It is extremely light weight.  I was honestly surprised how light it was.  It's very thin, so it would fit very easily into bags.<br /><br />It fit my iPad very well.  Unlike my last case where the iPad occasionally slid down, which made it a bit difficult to get good pictures, this one had no wiggle room.  It snapped in and all the necessary buttons and outlets were easily available, and not at all blocked.<br /><br />If you're mainly going to use it on flat surfaces, I say go ahead.  It worked well when placed on flat surfaces, it just didn't work for me trying to get it at the same angles, but using my knees as the flat surface.<br /><br />Now on to some cons.<br /><br />It wasn't five minutes after putting it on that I decided I didn't like it.  I figured maybe it's just unfamiliarity though, so I thought \\"well, I'll just deal with it and see if it gets any better\\".  Couple hours later I printed off a return tag, I'll be returning it tomorrow.<br /><br />First of all, the case is that hard plastic kind, and instead of sliding in, it snaps in.  Snapping it in the first time I immediately felt like it was not secure, like if it snaps in, it can snap out.  So that's one issue.<br /><br />It's an origami case, I wanted to try it because my sister has one and raves so much about it, but after using it for a couple hours I decided I really don't like it.  The range of viewing angles are fine if you're sitting it on a flat surface, but most often I use my ipad just sitting it on my knees, and the case doesn't really work well for that.<br /><br />Another issue is that it has no stylus holder.  That's kinda big for me, cause I want it to be accessible if I want to draw.  My stylus is more likely to get lost if it's something I have to stow in my pocket or purse.<br /><br />Last issue is that because the entire case is made of the same hard plastic stuff, it feels like it doesn't offer as much protection.  It's much MUCH thinner than the case I had for myprevious iPad, and because it's plastic instead of fake leather, it feels less durable.<br /><br />It's not a bad case, it just isn't what I want.<br /><br />I hope this was helpful to anyone out there considering getting this.  I'm giving it three stars because it is a good case, it just isn't a good case for me personally.
R2FLYS8KXJT0E2	adjudicated	1	It was great until the micro USB port to power the keyboard became loose and began to quit powering the keyboard itself until it broke...
R1W6OFVIDO3B37	adjudicated	3	The 3.6GHz speed was good, but the design is a little flawed. The 2 front USB inputs are on the top, which makes it very easy to bend or break a port. Also, there is very little room for electrical and video card up grades. The machine came with an ATI card that was unable to run any of my games. I had a Radeon HD 6850 in another computer, but needed to change the 400watt power supply to 550. To say it was a tight squeeze was an understatemnt.HP/Compaq should anticipate consumers upgrading  devices because of the speed at which technology develops. Also, the wireless adapter was very slow (&#34;Connection Poor&#34;), so i purchased the Netgear N 300 and can now get  the awesome speed of Comcast.
R36K60LB1WTQKX	adjudicated	1	my suggestion... don't buy unless you already see the network you want to connect to with your current router...otherwise buying this will definitely bring up more networks but signal wont be strong enough. I connect to my friends wifi down the street 100ft and I could not access speedtest.net because the signal was poor but If I sit on the sidewalk outside his house I get 2mb per sec download.
R200S6TD5XUA8R	adjudicated	1	Works great, performance is good, but it does not fit flush in the late 2013 MBP Retina. Sticks out approximately .25 of an inch... Not horrible, but just annoying. Bummer.
R2RX04QXY73T2H	adjudicated	3	I received this battery on March 23, I tested the battery on my HP DV9000t by fully charging it and then calibrated my laptop per HP's instructions on their Website.  This aligns the battery charge state with the battery status reading on the laptop.  The battery seemed acceptable.  I was able to play online poker for about an hour and a half on battery power before getting a low battery warning.  Keep in mind though that this poker software is not very demanding.  There is no hard drive access, etc. while playing.  Then my next test was to fully charge the battery and leave it off the charger for about 10 days to see how much drain there would be.  The battery meter read 93%.  This seemed like nearly a full charge and being impressed I went ahead and began to update my Windows from Microsoft's Website.  Within 15 minutes the laptop shutoff and the battery was completely dead.  Either I have a defective battery or the MAH (milliamp hour) rating for these batteries is GROSSLY overstated.  I called Amazon customer service and as usual they provided top notch customer service by sending me a replacement right away along with a return shipping label.  I will update this review upon testing the replacement.  Be very careful, charge your battery fully, calibrate your laptop battery per HP's instructions on their Website and then test it under real world usage.  If you don't take these steps you just might be sorely disappointed when you need to run your laptop on battery power and the battery runs dead after 15-30 minutes.  I know from experience that the OEM battery that came with the laptop from HP would run the computer for between 1-2 hours depending on the type of usage. I will not accept any less performance for the sake of saving a few bucks buying a cheap substitute that probably wouldn't last as long as the original.  Update: In December 2011 the second battery failed completely.  It would not hold enough charge to even start the laptop.  Once again, Amazon customer service came through with flying colors and replaced it under warranty.  It had been about 8 months since I received the 1st warranty exchange.  The 2nd warranty exchange battery now installed seems to hold more of a charge and last longer than either of the first 2 so I am hopeful this one will last longer.  If it does not, I know that Amazon will stand behind the product 100%.  I am therefore raising my rating up to 3 stars.
R2HU3VRX9MYYYP	adjudicated	2	But don't expect to watch movies in the car after downloading them, doesn't work.. you need Wifi so for my purposes, this tablet had limited use. I returned it to Amazon and received a full refund, no problem. Otherwise the device is cool around the house with Wifi.
R66T0GBEFMWOU	adjudicated	2	For the money, this is a reasonably good product.    The locking mechanism requires a little \\"jogging\\" back and forth when securing (at least on an Apple MacBook Pro) but once it latches it seems secure.    One plus to this item, as opposed to other cable locks I've used, is the numbers are very easy to read and the combination is easy to change by just twisting the cable. More convenient than trying to hold a button in while turning the tumblers.    I don't totally trust ANY cable locks, as most are easily defeated. However, this gives you a certain amount security at a very reasonable price.
R17LY0E5MPD89H	adjudicated	3	I had hoped that this would be an inexpensive replacement for my son's dying Kindle Fire (first generation).  Sadly, the touch screen doesn't recognize taps about half of the time - maybe more.  It's so bad, that after about 15 minutes of trying to get his Minecraft fix, he brought it back to me, kind of sad, and went back to Legos.  1 star might be unfair, given the tablet's supposedly other great qualities, but those other things don't matter too much if you can't even interact with it reasonably.  EDIT (2 weeks): The unresponsive touchscreen is at its worst when first using it for the day, but then seems to &#34;warm up&#34; and become much more responsive.  It's still not great - there's a noticeable difference depending on whether you use the pad of your fingertip vs. the tip.  But my son is now happily Minecrafting away on it.  In the support forums where lots of users are complaining about the touchscreen, Lenovo claims that they have released an OTA software update that fixes the problem, but my device doesn't have it, and doesn't report any updates available either (which lots of users are also complaining about).  Anyway, due to the touchscreen somehow becoming usable, and finding the rest of its features to be perfectly adequate, I've updated my review to 3 stars.  It's definitely of better quality than similarly priced tablets but with much cheaper specs.
R3FJQ8X48ZAGI	adjudicated	1	Keyboard is awesome only problem is that one of the keys are on an angle but other then that i love it
R3KSMITZEOJ1HF	adjudicated	3	product did not come with case as advertised. Do not come with original charger. the charger come with it is a HP touch pad charge which make the nook overheat. after contact the customer service, they send me an original charger, and it function ok now. The Nook HD+ is slow, with many limitation of apps due to old version of android system. many software I need is not working. These problem is later solved by flash the cyanogenmod version of android CM11, and it works with all apps that I need now. The spec of this tab is not great, but the screen is extremely good for ebook reading and video playing. make sure you use bsplayer or videolan for video playing and configure the app to use software decode for most of video to play.
R2YMX6HGMPFKUW	adjudicated	0	good adapter, would buy again
R2BS57UAOUV6IQ	adjudicated	0	A necessity for American Red Cross FRX3 Hand Crank NOAA AM/FM Weather Alert Radio.
R2YU7U1DAXF3DB	adjudicated	1	I really lke the idea of this case and keyboard combo, but it has some flaws. i am actually using it now and it is hard to type and not have to go back and fixed errors<br /><br />For tis pararah Iwont correct any thing so that yo all cansee.the space bar is hard to hitnowandthen. I had to really push that last spae to that i couldstart a new coherentsentene. Someof the keys dont registereasily either. like the back space and just ingernel you haeto hit the keys straight on andhard. Imnot a super ast typist but i am pretty quik and this actually ismaking my hand crampup.<br /><br />The good about this keyboard is that it has tons of  &#34;hot keys&#34;. Like you can open the browser, go back, go to the home screen, control volume, and many other things. I really love the idea, but I cant use this everyday like I wanted to :(
R34F89QN1Y0YUI	adjudicated	2	I read all the reviews prior to buying this product. Some said it was perfect others said it was junk. The product falls right in the middle for me.    It really is tough not having residual bubbles under the film. Some can be squeegeed out but some will stay behind. Typically the edge is where you may notice some bubbles. You can lift the film with the tape that came in the box but you risk adding more bubbles and more frustration when you wind up with more bubbles the 2nd and 3rd attempt on the same film. I quit having a few tiny bubbles in the center that would not come out and a couple on the edge that would not go away.    The big plus is this film covers the entire glass area and yes you can still get the film off center if not careful. What I do like about the film is that there is no tracking degradation. It feels like you have no film at all on the screen and so taps and movements are not affected by the film.    So all in all I like it and would recommend it especially for the price of $10 shipped. Also the main idea why you use this product is to not scratch the screen and it does that very well.
R2CGMJUDV8JRML	adjudicated	1	I chose this rating as the leather is tissue paper thin and I put a ding in it the first day.The inside is very well made.
R3H0BIPWP8IDHV	adjudicated	1	I've use a stylus most of the time on my iPad. I feel it helps keep my screen cleaner and I like it much better than using my fingers. I also use it on my kindle fire and on occasion my iPhone. It does not seem to work as well on the iPad as some of my other styluses do. There seems to be a slower response time with this stylus. I think it worked a little better on the kindle, though I'm not sure why. I also am a fast typist on the iPad screen so a slower response is an annoyance to me that is why I gave it 3 stars. The ink pen part of the stylus is nice and works well.
R19B9ABZGKPX9K	adjudicated	1	I love this case but if you close it, it doesn't always turn off the backlight. Also about 60% of the time when I open it, my lock screen comes up but the backlight is off and it happens so often that it's driving me insane.
RJWWNLUOFEQPJ	adjudicated	2	This product came in less than 48 hours, and had free shipping with my Amazon Prime account.  It's performance is excellent, and glides very smoothly and easily on my mousepad.  My only dislike is the fact that it's a battery drainer.  I've had it a couple of months now, and have changed the battery many times.  I guess it doesn't \\"sleep\\" when you set it aside and don't turn it off.  I'm not certain that I would buy the same product again, but will keep using it anyway, since I prefer the smooth performance of it.
R3PVQL3A2D2SN4	adjudicated	3	I picked up Amazon's unlighted Kindle cover when I bought my Kindle.  I had problems and read that the case might be the problem so I went hunting for a new cover.  One of the things that I wanted in my new case was the ability to use the cover as a stand so that I can read while I eat.  I wanted a case that would be easy to hold while reading on the bus, as well as one that would provide a good amount of protection.  The [[ASIN:B004ALXSTU Acase Genuine Leather Flip Case for Kindle 3 with Multiple Position Stand (Black)]] does allow for mostly hands free reading--you still have to turn the pages--and it does provide protection for the Kindle.  Unfortunately, it is not easy to hold, being too bulky.  I've never considered my hands particularly small but I suspect that this cover would be easier to hold by someone who has hands a good deal larger than my own.  (I believe that I wear a men's medium work glove.)<br /><br />I was unable to comfortably use my [[ASIN:B003HKRVAW Belkin Clip-On Reading Light for Kindle (White)]] which is a necessity during the winter months--it's dark during my commute.<br /><br />One final note:  The other day, I noticed an odd edge on the flappy-do that allows the case to be held open.  The edge scratched my hand.  Why is this a concern other than it was annoying?  Well, that bit of the case is not made of leather--I would say that it was actually a vinyl of some sort.<br /><br />July 7, 2011 Update:<br /><br />I ended up giving the Acase Kindle case to a friend.  She loves.  It only goes to show different strokes for different people.
R1MWG3ENZTAP8P	adjudicated	1	This product definitely helped with the glare but I had a hard time getting all the bubbles out. Now I got it down to only a couple of bubbles and you really can't see them when the kindle is turned on.
R38LY81XLB7YZP	adjudicated	2	It's pretty fast (faster than my old one, anyway), and has a cool blue light.  It looks to be pretty durable, although I haven't had it that long.    Not too thrilled about the U3 stuff.  I didn't purchase it fot that purpose. It gives you an extra drive letter, which shows up as a CD drive. It's not so easy to remove if you're not familiar with it.    Also, the mechanism for keeping the USB connector extended is kind of flimsy.  When you pop it open, you need to double-check to make sure it locked in place.
R3B15ZA4K39EED	adjudicated	3	I purchased this computer a week before XMAS after looking at an Acer Timeline X and SONY Viao.  I own an  [[ASIN:B001QTXL82 ASUS Eee PC 1000HE 10.1-Inch Black Netbook - 9.5 Hour Battery Life]]and have been satisfied with it so I decided to give Asus a look.  This unit comes with a graphics card which was one of my parameters, along with speed and long battery life.<br /><br />I found a \\"like new\\" unit from Amazon Warehouse Deals for about $660.00  The unit arrived in it's box and packaged nicely.  Upon start-up, it clearly had been used as I saw photos and there had been some personalization of windows.  This surprised me but maybe I was naive?<br /><br />I am pleased with the unit so far.  Like others, I was hoping it would have weighed less while maintaining it's sleek profile.  The screen is great!  The two track pad buttons do feel cheap as others have stated.  Wireless works well.  I have loaded and played Battlefield 2 and Just Cause so far with no issues.<br /><br />I just replaced the standard hard drive with this: [[ASIN:B00691WMJG Seagate Momentus XT 750 GB 7200RPM SATA 6Gb/s 32 MB Cache 2.5 Inch Solid State Hybrid Drive ST750LX003]]  I have noticed additional speed.<br /><br />Yes there is a lot of bloatware but given time you will be able to remove it.  The speakers do not suck but how good can speakers be in such a small space?  Think thin LCD TV's.  You can only get so much quality sound in such a thin space.<br /><br />The long rubber foot which runs the entire length of the battery is falling off at one end.  This rubber strip supports the entire rear of the PC and helps prevent scratches to your work surface.  I think I will have to apply some glue.<br /><br />I am very pleased with my purchase and feel I got a great bargain!
R2NY825OIZK56H	adjudicated	1	Nice Tablet cum laptop feature. No Keyboard back light rest of the feature good. Speaker sound produce little bit echo. Sometime not getting clear voice
R3GFGUZZVIUG07	adjudicated	1	The tips on these stylus' fall of very easily, so thank God you get a lot for a little.  Husband uses his much better than daughter.
RGZFZY7DU3U7N	adjudicated	1	I have purchased two of these drives and am having problems with both drives. I was going to send the first one back via RMA until I realized they want me to pay to ship it back. I have had two other external hard drives by a different well named brand, which are now too small for my needs, that lasted me eight years with no problems, guess I'll go back to the better brand.
R21T6I3FISDGGC	adjudicated	1	I replaced a Hauppauge single tuner card with this and have been very pleased. Installation was a breeze and now I can record two shows simultaneously in Media Center. Been using it a few weeks now, and zero problems.<br /><br />Update 1/20/13: The tuner suddenly disappeared and was not seen by media center or on the device manager. Tried taking out and reinstalling the card; no luck. Three restarts later it shows up again, acting like nothing happened. Weird and annoying. Knocked it down to three stars because it seems to be a well known problem and the company hasn't addressed it anywhere.
R1597YKFU7E639	adjudicated	1	When I first recieved my AC adapter it worked for a little while and then stopped working for no reason. I sent them a message back and they asked me to send the broken one back and they would send me another. Only thing is it had to be USPS first class mail. I did anyway and they sent me another one. It was about a week later when I recieved it but at least the second one worked.
RAGDFMWWR9WSP	adjudicated	2	The item came a dy before it said it would so that is good. It is pink like it said it would be but the one thing I do NOT like about this product is the fact that I got it for the exact item it was intended for but my tablet slides down in it and whenever I take a photo my photo screen is covered because it is not snug enoug in the fitting case and it also is not sturdy at all when I prop it up. When I have it in the prop up position I have to hold my hand behind it so it doesnt lean or tip while Im pressing on the screen, so the propping for me wont be used.<br />I can get a cover that was not intended for my exact brand and it tends to work better which I thought was rather backwards seeing as when you buy things that are for you exact item it should be a perfect fit, right??  My case also looks as though it was used it seemed a little dirty on the inside but its stiff as though its new.
RHR9WX28MMY6M	adjudicated	2	It does the job of lighting my Kindle so I can read and my spouse can sleep. But I cant leave it clipped to my Kindle unlike the light I use to have for my Kindle keyboard because the clip is just to big. So I take the light off when transporting and it is just one more thing to keep track of.
RRWU6LHDN4T4A	adjudicated	3	I needed a flash drive and bought an $8 2GB one from Walmart. I decided on price comparing what's out there before I ripped her open and saw this neat looking fellow at Best Buy. $20!!!! I checked on Amazon and saw that for the same $8 dollars I could get this sleeker guy and twice the capacity of the Wally World guy. Made the return to Walmart but I wound up spending more to skirt the shipping fees on Amazon. Hey, it's how they get you.    Gets here in the mail and it literally feels like the tops you pop off of soda cans. It's super light, feels like it's super easy to bend and break and no doubt really simple to lose. I clipped mine to my keychain but I'm not too sure that will last. Its grip is tenuous. I may reinforce it with a bit of string down the line.    So it's flimsy feeling. It hasn't broken, but I've only just got it.    I immediately plugged it into my MacBook and it needed no formatting, software updating, or other fancy pantsing. It worked. Simple as that. Bon!    It would not properly eject right away. That was cause for concern. I \\"right\\" clicked and chose eject and it eventually gave up the fight.    It also got pretty warm, pretty quickly. The way I understand it, electronics don't like to be hot so that may dip into its longevity. PNY does warranty it for a year and I am not shy about having things replaced under warranty. The thing is, nothing ever breaks in the first year. I give this a \\"meh\\" rating. I'll update after a couple month's wear and tear.    At $7.99, it may be a great purchase if you're trying to make the super saver shipping rate. If it were less than that, right now, I'd jump on it... I don't even feel the difference on my key ring.
R1M223ZH9UNFNN	adjudicated	1	It is definitely brings a cool look to the laptop, but the size was way bigger than the one shown in the picture.
R3U1OEMXYMI0MA	adjudicated	1	it's ok. it doesn't fit well, and the design isn't the greatest, but better than nothing if I accidentally drop my Kindle.
R1VAXBCNG5KFV5	adjudicated	2	The instructions say that the lines or streaks will go away in a few days.  This did not happen.  Did they diminish? Perhaps.  Did I get used to living with them? Yes.  Another issue is: Is it as smooth to the touch-screen as it was? No.  Am I now used to using it, after a few weeks of having on? Yes.  After the first couple of days, I wanted to rip it off, but I decided to give it a shot.  The only benefit, other than the obvious 'screen protection' that it provides, is that 'perhaps' it reduces the extreme glare that the Acer W700 screen has slightly.  It is possible that I really needed to pay better attention to the video steps, than I did.  Maybe I would have had a better experience.  But I have had screen protectors before, that were not as finicky.<br /><br />Pros: Provides Screen Protection.  Perhaps Slight Glare reducing for the Acer W700<br />Cons: You must be absolutely perfect when putting on.  Leaves visible imperfections.  Streaks/Lines (that may diminish, but do not disappear completely).  Not as smooth to the finger strokes, that is necessary for Windows 8/8.1
R2TB682GXD8UWP	adjudicated	3	It took me a while to get used to this mouse. Especially using my thumb with the four buttons so much when playing games. The battery will last 3 hours on intense gaming, since I play D3 hardcore, I cannot risk dying so I leave it plugged in, which works out pretty well for me since my PC sit on the desk. Wireless also goes out, even though its right next to the PC, but it may be time to refresh windows. That or there is a driver issue.<br /><br />Even with those issue I cannot live without a mouse like this, maybe I just need to find another brand.<br /><br />Pros<br /> * Good build quality.<br /> * Good precision with dpi settings.<br /> * Simple enough to configure with the software.<br /> * Comfortable to my hand (5'11&#34; with average size hand)<br /> * Great button placement in my opinion.<br /> * Battery should last you 3 hours on average for gaming.<br /><br />Cons:<br /> * Had a bit of a learning curve.<br /> * Logitech drivers are still slow and bulky.<br /> * Sometimes the left mouse button double fires.<br /> * Sometimes when I have the left button pressed, it will release and press again (sputtering) on its own.
RBC1BDSFZ3JX7	adjudicated	2	I use the DX a lot for reading scientific articles, but It is totally stupid that you cannot make comments or notes on your PDF.  This is a MAJOR drawback of this reader.  What were the development folks thinking?  Please if you are reading, make an app that will allow for making notes and comments within the text.  My small kindle lets me highlight and make notes in PDFs, so why wouldn't this one.  Bad development.
RU20Z85BT3BDH	adjudicated	3	The basic machinery works fine. I like the look, the ease, the battery life. All fine and up to my expectations. But, it does not amplify the sounds to a level that makes this useful for the iPad (I have the iPad and the iPad2, and have similar results).<br /><br />Otherwise fine, but just not loud enough.
RJXWGOOZZUVLE	adjudicated	2	I just got my Moshi Palmguard and installed it on my Macbook pro 13\\".  The only problem that i had was getting it to fit with the Speck case.  The palmguard goes flush with the sides of the macbook so it pushes against the tabs on the Speck case.  Even though it is not very thick, the retaining tabs of the speck case will not sit over the palm guard.  I had to put a little cutout on the side of the palm guard to make the tabs sit correctly on the macbook.  Also, you loose a little sensitivity on the trackpad with the guard.  The tap click will still work but you have to tap a little harder.
R2V1W0NF2F29GK	adjudicated	1	This is partly my fault for not checking, but I was expecting this to be able to handle at least my computer and monitor, which it sadly doesn't.  While it's great to have a surge protector it looks like I'll need to buy another one to handle my computer.  In general though it's easy to use although I haven't really had a situation where it's really tested.  Haven't tried the software that comes with it.
R2Z1HD2PUTUV1K	adjudicated	2	the cover is very easy to apply and does look great but it does affect the resolution and if you're trying to read, the words do get slightly blurrier which I was not a fan of.  so either you have the screen protector with anti-glare and slightly blurry words, or you deal with no screen protector and a strong glare.....it's preference really.
R2AGN1PBR4DUQP	adjudicated	4	Overall, the ViewBook performed OK and is meant to compete in the low-end tablet market with a price of $230.  The ViewBook has some good features: 1) great screen compared to other resistive screens; 2) front facing camera; 3) mini-HDMI port; 4) Bluetooth; 5) played video formats including HD without any problems; and 6) handwriting recognition works fine. However, there are some negatives: 1) poor body construction; 2) poor screen (resolution & not capacitive); 3) slightly weaker processor; 4) no 1+1 nor multi-touch screen; and 5) significant difference in battery life between having the WiFi on and having it off.  Unless you need a front facing camera and a HDMI port, I would rather buy a Nook Color and install CM7.  If ViewBook 730's price was under $200, I would be more incline to recommend it if you are looking for a low-end tablet.
R309R8HKILJQBM	adjudicated	2	According the Crucial website tool that tells you what memory to buy and how much you can add, I should have been able to *add* this memory to my current memory.  I was so excited to receive this and opened my computer right away, but was totally bummed to find that there weren't enough slots for all of the memory (new + old), so I just ended up using the new memory.  I really can't tell any difference in the speed of my computer, and I doubled my memory (from 1 gb to 2).  I would just caution people that are basing their purchase off the crucial website recommendation that it might not be completely accurate.
R2WYDRK5HGU14D	adjudicated	2	The case is a vibrant pink color. It is a hard case and offers a good protection. It's a snap its two separate pieces.
RHIZ8MAUHQGIJ	adjudicated	3	The tablet looks great but the drivers completely suck... The ones on the disk don't work, the new version on the wacom site doesn't work, and it takes hours to figure out how to get it to work...  I found this link [...] and was finally able to get this thing to work properly!  You have to download another driver first then download the correct one from the site but after all that it finally started working.  Be prepared for the hassle but once I got it working it seems to be working pretty good.  A couple small bugs to work out still but nothing to serious...
R50FNUACQF696	adjudicated	1	Nice minimal protection but I've had this model case for every iPad since the iPad-2 and they only last about a year.<br />The corners always crack making the case unusable.<br />If I'd paid Marware's retail price I'd be pissed but at Amazon's price it was an acceptable loss after a year's service.
R354TT5AEZHBLI	adjudicated	2	Arrived on time and well packaged.  It was relatively easy to install and seems to be working OK.  I recommend doing a custom instillation of the software as the default setting will install stuff you many not need or want. This unneeded &#34;stuff&#34; will slow down your boot up and run in background, unnecessarily using memory and CPU resources.
R11RYI4AV5QWN0	adjudicated	1	I get this tablet mainly for the GPS function, but unfortunately most of the newest apps for navigation are not compatibles with this fj_vortex model or any other newest apps, I have to install old versions on it. But so far no problems with it, just incompatibility issues.
R2FI1I02JMU55Z	adjudicated	4	I've used this case in black color for a year.     It's stylish, quite comfortable to wear due to adjustable strap and safe for my laptop because it's a hard case.    I have HP dm4 and it fits it (leaving over 1 inch of space by the side). But the laptop is the only thing that fits there: all cords with adapter (slim version) and a mouse I have to put into the pocket of this case; and when I close the case, it bends a little at pocket side.  And there is no room for anything else.  When you have glossy plastic on top of your laptop you could hurt or scratch it with things in a pocket, and I definitely don't recommend to use this case when you plan to carry laptop with adapter and cords.  I wish it would be a little wider.    The most unpleasant thing about this case I've found - it's easy to scratch and marks are WHITE. I have a black case, and after a year of use it looks awful at corners.  That's the major reason I buy another case. When you buy this case in white or yellow it's OK, I guess.
RA9DO1CVUFEJD	adjudicated	3	I needed a lightweight, inconspicuous day bag to carry a Fujifilm X100s and and iPad throughout Europe. This bag fills the order, but only just. There is ample padding in the main pocket, where I choose to keep the camera. It is well protected, and there is a smaller pocket inside, also padded that holds my passport, kindle and wallet. Would be perfect for an iPad mini, but I choose to carry my 4th gen Retina instead, for its larger screen for basic photo editing. Herein lies a problem: there is an additional pocket at the rear of the bag, perfectly sized and padded for a full-size ipad, but lacking the very crucial padding AT THE BOTTOM. The back and front are padded, but there is nothing but a thin layer of nylon and canvas separating your ipad from the ground should you set it down too hard, or if the very weak strap should fail.<br /><br />Second problem: this bag is very cheaply made. I realize that the price justifies this, but I believe that everyone would pay a few dollars more for this bag made with better materials, and with padding in the iPad pocket. Also I could do without the very bad fake leather patch on the front. If you aren't going to use real leather, don't pretend, you aren't fooling anyone.<br /><br />In conclusion, the basic design and size of this bag are outstanding, would easily pay thrice this price for a bag of this design, made with better quality materials and craftsmanship.
R387R9AU0JNN00	adjudicated	3	My wife and I purchased three of these units: one for us and two as gifts.  The idea was the help encourage our family, who lives 12 hours away, to use Skype to keep in touch.  We came in to this with zero internet video experience and were focused mainly on price as we entered the arena.<br /><br />For starters, they work great.  Plug and play technology is just fantastic in my opinion.  We got it installed and were quickly talking with family through Skype.  Our niece and nephew absolutely love seeing us on a more regular basis, although I think they mostly enjoy seeing their own face on the computer.  The run and show us everything new they got since our last visit.  They sit fairly well on the monitor and have a decent scope if you're sitting normally at your computer - my wife and I can both sit at a normal distance from the screen (1-2 feet) and are easily visible in the camera.  Image gets blurry if the camera is moved at all and can make the viewer a little dizzy, and the image it self is not a great quality, but you can't expect much more from this little camera.  All and all, it was a great starter for us to learn about the technology and see what kind of equipment to buy in the future.
R2U17K91RHGF7X	adjudicated	1	I ordered a Dell 1707FPT. I received the correct monitor. They sent the incorrect stand. The stand does fit the 1707 FPT, but it is not the correct stand that goes with this monitor. The correct stand is an adjustable height stand, which swivels, and it says 1707 FPT.  The stand they sent me is a fixed stand, that doesn't swivel. The monitor looks and works great! But the adjustable height stand which swivels is an important feature that was expected. If I were to receive the correct stand from the seller I would happily give them five stars.
R2EGZR5KG8S55C	adjudicated	1	The price was right for these tablets so we bought 2 of them. But, we looked it up and they said they would connect for a mobile app and they won't. We felt like we were a little bit deceived.
R2WTJU7TRWHKF1	adjudicated	3	...meaning, this backpack is much more appealing when viewed online than in reality: it's got a nice clean bling-free look, and tons of pockets pockets everywhere!  Plus it provides effective camouflage because it looks pretty inconspicuous and doesn't scream \\"I'M CARRYING A LAPTOP COMPUTER!\\"<br /><br />HOWEVER, if I had come across this backpack in a store I would never have bought it---the material is very thin and flimsy, especially the straps and how they are attached to the top of the bag.  It's fine if you're carrying only a  5-6lb laptop (or even a 3lb netbook) plus maybe a few files.  But if you are a high school or college student lugging around some big bulky textbooks?  Expect it to last a year tops.<br /><br />My Swissgear laptop backpack that I bought about 5 years ago for about thirty or forty bucks from Sams Club is way sturdier and still going strong.  Also, it has a very useful sternum strap which this one woefully lacks.<br /><br />Luckily, the person I bought this for is not a student and will keep her laptop at home most of the time...otherwise I'd be returning it pronto.
RZQ7XXUNRT4WW	adjudicated	3	For less than 30 bones, this is a really cool product. I'd would highly recommend it. I'm not super tech savvy so I can't break down its technical merits for you, but so far so good... its working well. I bought two, in fact. All I do is load movies on to an SD card and then stick the SD card in the Micca player (or you could use a flash drive or external hard drive because it has a usb port. I don't have any flash drives though so SD cards are the easiest thing for me to use). Way better than hassling with burning DVD's that skip after a few weeks anyway. If you're thinking about getting a digital media player and you want to \\"test the waters\\" before you go and get all hog wild buying the top of the line gear, try this. Worse case scenario, you don't like it and it only cost you $30 to try out the technology. No brainer, imo.<br /><br />Update: 6/20/2012 - Some of the other reviewers have noted that this product does not play mp4 files... and those folks are right... it doesn't play mp4! So now I have to rescind stars dammit! The details claim that it does play mp4 and that would be hugely convenient, but since it doesn't, I'm instead forced to convert my files to AVI using Any Video Converter [that's the name of the converter... I'm not suggesting that you use any video converter, I'm saying I actually USE Any Video Converter]. So I give it 3 stars instead of 5. But it's still pretty cool...
R19HYXDG3UC41R	adjudicated	1	I was surprised to find that this tablet was the Chinese version, NOT English.  My kids can still play all of their favorite games from the Android Market, but when we type we get words coming up in chinese which is annoying.  I changed the language in the settings, but chinese characters still pop up.  It will take too long to ship back to the sender so we are dealing with the language issue.
R36NZI1PWRVTB0	adjudicated	1	Requires reboots randomly.  Appears to be connected but no downstream device can see the Internet until reboot.<br /><br />When it works, it's great, but when it doesn't its a pain to get back up.
R29QUWA25QS81	adjudicated	4	This is my initial review (i am going to have it replaced...maybe just a minor blip)<br />Out of the box, I was very impressed. Relatively durable. Easy pairing process...Pair once then subsequent pairing is automatic. The hinge and rotation device is easy to manipulate, unlike some I tried in store that were difficult to open and close due to the tightness of the hinge. I was a little skeptical with the closure latch. It is a small clip on the top of the case that latches to the a lipped edge on the bottom of the case. It is not the most secure closure, but using it 5 days it didn't seem to be problematic.<br /><br />Boo....I read that some encountered keyboard quality issue of the course of time. I had issue the first time I used the keyboard. The &#34;b&#34; key would get stuck in the down position and had to be popped back out. Annoying, but I worked with a couple of days to see if it was just my heavy handed typing. It only got worse until it stuck and I gout no get it out. Hoping it was an isolated occurence. ALSO, when utilizing the case in the tablet position (top resting on the keyboard) the on screen keyboard interface in restricted/interrupted from automatic function. I found myself getting frustrated with having to open the tablet to turn off the bluetooth connecting in order to use my tablet as it was meant to work.<br /><br />I am hoping to update this review in a few days. I love my iPhone 5 Titanium water-resitiant case from New Trent. Catch my review on it! New Trent has captured my attention. I think they will be a solid contender for quality and product value. Don't count them out just because I had an issue. Look at your options and make an informed decision. I will also update regarding the return and replacement process.
R1VWRCKDDQJJJZ	adjudicated	1	I received my case and was very excited to get it. I had read the reviews about it been to big, but I thought my iPad2 would fit because it has a hard case on it. But no it is to big it really is. This will not work for an iPad. the case is very nice and it looks great but it is not for an iPad. I gave it to my daughter for her netbook and it's still to big for her netbook. she is able to fit her netbook, charger and a lot of other stuff in it. So pay close attention to reviews because they are true. I had never written a review but now I know that it is very helpfull.
ROFZK7O7AS1MT	adjudicated	2	The way the straps fit, it tends to bleed out the power so the battery Dies a lot faster.<br />The look and feel are great.
R6W8JCQS9LKIO	adjudicated	3	It is OK.  Not exactly what was hoped.  Purchased for use as a travel mouse.<br /><br />Pro:<br />1.  Worked without hitch<br />2.  Scroll feature is pretty nice<br />3.  Small radio dongle<br />4.  Radio dongle stores inside the battery box - a real nice feature<br />5.  On/Off switch to save battery life<br /><br />Con:<br />1.  Too big for convenient use as a travel mouse<br />2.  Too small for desktop use<br />3.  Not ergonomic - not horrible but not good<br />4.  Ball does not roll smooth (as compared to my old Logitech trackball)<br /><br />The ball movement is not as smooth as my old Logitech trackball mouse.  Will try using it for travel and update this review if it works out better than expected.
R3USPLLG9CJZ54	adjudicated	3	This is a beautiful cover for the Kindle, but I specifically bought it to go with the M-Edge reading light for the Kindle 2 which it does not do. The cover will not close completely with the M-Edge light which is disappointing. I wanted to be able to take my Kindle with my cover and light, and carry them around easily with me. I still can't do that with this cover. The M-Edge design folks need to test their products to work together better. But as a cover, this product is very, very nice.
R28CDVMEDY4WB1	adjudicated	3	I bought this from Amazon as a Used (nearly new condition) for about 60% of the new price.  At that price it is probably worth it.<br /><br />At first, I had Wifi connectivity issues like many here.  I also had intermittent touchpad gesture issues.  By downloading the latest drivers at Asus http://www.asus.com/us/Notebooks_Ultrabooks/ASUS_Transformer_Book_Flip_TP500LA/HelpDesk_Download/  you can fix a lot of these issues.<br />1. first get the ATK driver (1.0.0036 is what I used).<br />2. get the wireless driver (Ralink 5.0.52.0 is what I used).<br />3. get the touchpad driver (ASUS smartpad  3.0.10)<br /><br />These helped tremendously and I had no issues after that.<br /><br />My biggest gripe was the poor viewing angle of the screen.  It's fine if you're working in laptop mode, but in tablet mode, it made for difficulty.  I returned my TP500la and purchased a refurb q502la -- which is the same model with IPS, lit keyboard and all USB 3.0.  It was $100 more.  I'll review later to compare the two.
RLABGU8VWZ9S8	adjudicated	0	Shipped fast. went through several cases. Ended up with Microsoft keyboard /cover
R1SRC7BZJHJANA	adjudicated	2	I think this case is well-made and provides wonderful protection for my iPad.  I also like the on/off feature when you close the case.  What I don't like is the narrow range of position settings.  I most often use my iPad while sitting at a desk or table, and I often cannot adjust the angle for perfect viewing (to escape glare, for example).  You can either have the ipad in an almost upright position or slightly angled.  Something in the middle would be nice.<br /><br />I have since ordered a rooCASE Dual-Axis Genuine Leather Case for my son's iPad, and if I had to do it again, I would order that instead.
R58R7OI8OU8N9	adjudicated	1	I had to face the music - my battery had been dying for almost half a year. This replacement was one of economy over function. Yes, I have a new battery that lasts over 45 minutes, but nowhere near the life I got out of my original. I have figured probably an hour less than what I was used to in the beginning. Still, not a bad battery for the price.
R3GTTNKM0KWQXG	adjudicated	3	Bought it and returned it immediately. Despite claim that it now has improved lighting, I found illumination dim and uneven. Bottom third of screen almost unreadable.<br /><br />In order to allow the neck to fold into a compact and handsome (MoMA-worthy!) unit, the designers had to keep the neck extremely short. Opened, the light hovers at most barely an inch above the top edge of the screen. No LED light can cover the screen evenly from that position. And these are not particularly bright LED's. (They are much dimmer than my keychain LED flashlight.)<br /><br />I'm about to order the Belkin, which some reviews suggest may have an edge over the Mighty-Brite.
R1N6T3M2TM0NBI	adjudicated	2	I have ordered one Kindle and four Kindle Fires in the last five years.  This is the first one that does not come with a wall power adapter.  It is sold separately for $19.99.  No where could I find that this was not included.  When informed by Amazon that this is the case, I went back to the description.  You have to go to the very bottom (about five pages), where you are told this.  I think this is a  deceitful practice.  Also, this Kindle does not show a power light when it is charging (previous models have).  I will try this Kindle over the next few days, however I may not keep it.
R8AF0QBA7EV5I	adjudicated	1	It works as advertised . Better if used by smaller hands. I've never seen a usb cord that tiny. I wouldn't buy a second one
R1LHTT1YF7S9DP	adjudicated	1	Nothing I do to adjust tightness of the headset seams to stop the pain after about an hour of listening,
R3NJK0NMBA9VHM	adjudicated	1	This product works fine if you have dual VGA outputs for each computer. My mistake - I have a VGA and a DVI-D output and saw an &#34;adapter&#34; that makes the connections fit but it doesn't convert the digital signal to analog (DVI-D to VGA) so didn't work.
R6558DQJ0JB02	adjudicated	2	I purchased this as a cheaper alternative to the Microsoft brand hardrive. In addition to extra memory, I was also wanting to make my XBOX 360 Slim backwards compatible with XBOX  games that were compatible with the original XBOX 360. I was informed by the Microsoft website that purchasing a hard drive would make this possible. This product did give me ample memory for saving games, but it did not make my XBOX 360 Slim backwards compatible like I had hoped. I later learned this can only be accomplished through an official Microsoft brand hard drive, which this product is not. I would also say that the available memory, before transferring saved information to it from the original hard drive, was not quite the 250 GB promised. I am not aware as to whether this is a normal occurrence for all hard drives, but I can't deny that I wish I would have been informed of this detail before purchasing.
RIBBKCG64VB3P	adjudicated	1	Did not have all the swedish letters
R2TWXIFSTW9O1S	adjudicated	1	Order it on Jan 2nd and received it on Jan 18th. I made a mistake and ordered the wrong size, but I cannot return it because my return postage cost is more than the product itself. The company is in China. The product is made out of cheap plastic/rubber.  Definitely not a high quality product, and the material doesn't provide a good grip.
R39ZP7ULMUPML7	adjudicated	2	I bought this drive for my Mac, but I wanted it formatted for both Mac and Window (FAT32). However, when I go to attach the drive to a windows machine, it only recognizes 200 MB (MEGABYTES!). Attempting to format the drive on Windows fails to correct the issue... Size and durability are amazing though, and it is even smaller than I thought.
R7PD53Z21BD22	adjudicated	0	Works great!
R3HNNZD0LPE3DI	adjudicated	2	Got it today and I'm already dealing having some minor issues. One, the charger won't my tablet so I had to use my phone charger. Two, it turned itself off on its own. Three, its hard to tell if its charging (shows an empty red battery) unless you have it on.<br />I'm not gonna but when I play some games it kinda laggy, but the price I got it for I kinda don't mind.
R223WVFQFCKUT6	adjudicated	4	Received this product yesterday and right out of the box it looked like a solid and well made product.  The faux leather feels good to the touch and the white accent stitching compliments the black leather well.  The inside of the case is lined with a grey felt material.  It is nice and soft but could potentially get dirty over time.  The case fits the 13inch rMBP very well.  Sliding it into the hand rest pocket is easy and provides access to all ports.  The straps that attach the case to the screen are also of the same grey color as the inner lining.  It is relatively unobtrusive and only covers a small portion of the corners.  Overall, this case looks and works well for my purposes.<br /><br />This product is well built and will likely last me a while.  However, I have 2 complaints as of date.  1) It is a tad bit overpriced.  Similar products (see case crown for retina macbook pro 15inch) cost only 1/3 of the price of this product.  Judging from the pictures, reviews and a visual inspection of the product, you can tell-- apart from it's name- that it is similar if not the exact same product.  The same design, build, even the white stitchings are the same with a huge difference in price with the casecrown for the 15inch retina priced only at $9-24, with many colors to choose from.  Given, the difficulty of finding folio cases for the 13inch retina version, most buyers have no choice but to purchase whatever is available and amazon taking advantage of this, jacks up the price to a premium.  I have been on the lookout for a good folio case for a while.  I do not have $179 to spend for a premium leather Sena case that is why I thought of getting the alternative, which is the cheaper faux leather case which should work just as well only for a fraction of the price.  I've search and searched and the closest one I found that was made for the 13 rMBP was this guy and another case that cost $19.  Due to the poor reviews for that product and the seemingly better quality of this one, I pulled the trigger (despite the almost $10 price difference) on the Duzign.  The product is as described and looks and feels like it is made well.  If it were not overpriced it really would be a great buy.<br /><br />2) While admittedly the case seems to be solidly built and looks well made, it does add a bit of bulk to the rMBP.  The profile isn't as thin.  It has a hard interior backing that could be helpful for insulating your computer from minor bumps but it takes out from the beauty of having a light and thin computer.  If a thinner profile is what you're going for, then don't buy this case.  But if you want something that feels solid, fits well and do not mind the bulk it will add then this might be the product for you.<br /><br />This product is good overall.  A tad bit overpriced, a little bulky but works well overall and better than most other stuff they have out there---at least right now.  If you wait a few months the manufacturers might catch up and make better products for us 13 rMBP users.  *crossing fingers*this one, I pulled the trigger (despite the almost $10 price difference) on the Duzign.  The product is as described and looks and feels like it is made well.  If it were not overpriced it really would be a great buy.<br /><br />2) While admittedly the case seems to be solidly built and looks well made, it does add a bit of bulk to the rMBP.  The profile isn't as thin.  It has a hard interior backing that could be helpful for insulating your computer from minor bumps but it takes out from the beauty of having a light and thin computer.  If a thinner profile is what you're going for, then don't buy this case.  But if you want something that feels solid, fits well and do not mind the bulk it will add then this might be the product for you.<br /><br />This product is good overall.  A tad bit overpriced, a little bulky but works well overall and better than most other stuff they have out there---at least right now.  If you wait a few months the manufacturers might catch up and make better products for us 13 rMBP users.  *crossing fingers*
RHH9L3BECAV9G	adjudicated	4	For about 7 days, I owned both the Kindle 2 and Sony PRS-505 and was able to use and compare them. My intention was to buy and love the Kindle. I only purchased the PRS-505 after owning the Kindle for a few days and finding that it was not suiting my needs. Luckily I found a local store that carried the PRS 505 with a 30 day return policy (same as the Kindle).    I fell out of love with the Kindle because the gray text on gray background was actually quite distracting to me and I could not focus on reading. I found myself constantly changing the angle of the body, changing the font size up and down and the distance away from me. The resolution and reading experience with the PRS 505 was perfect and I loved it. But I was reluctant to return the Kindle because of the dictionary support, search feature, note taking capabilities, ease of turning pages, bookmarking and returning to book location. I found a huge benefit in being able to download book samples from Amazon; I was able to find many books I really would like to purchase and some...not so much. I tried out the free 14 day trial on newspaper downloads, what a great way to get your news-  no advertising distractions, easy to navigate and automatically downloaded every day.     After a while though, I started to dislike the plastic body of the Kindle and the plastic creaking sound when turning pages. The WHITE color starting bothering me too. I don't want a 1\\" white border around my reading area. The Sony is much smaller, the reading area is dominant and the body is more solid. Once I got used to it, the navigation was easy too. The actual reading area (screen) is about the same in both readers...Sony might be slightly taller.    My choice to keep the Sony PRS-505 was based on the main purpose of a book reader, which is to read. I don't need or want regular internet access on my book reader. I am already used to downloading files to my gadgets from my computer, so moving books from the PC to the reader is not a big deal. Now that I have many books downloaded, how often am I going to get a new book?    Either book reader can be used with Calibre software (free, but you can donate) to download daily news feeds (worldwide newspapers) and format documents for your reader. So, I can still get news on the Sony and they have RSS feeds available from the Sony site which I have not downloaded yet. One reason I was hesitant to go with the Sony was because it is not their latest model, so I thought it would be dated. That is not the case, and in fact the newer model, the PRS -700, does not have the screen clarity due to an extra layer of plastic to allow for touch-screen. Not worth the upgrade considering it still does not have dictionary support (but you can search and take notes). I'll wait until the newest Sony (or Kindle) takes care of some of these drawbacks and for now I am perfectly happy with the Sony PRS-505.    In summary:  Kindle loses points for:  1) text contrast (the deal breaker)  2) creaky, plastic.  3) size. (although if I had not compared it to Sony, it would have been fine)  4) No directory organization for books - no hierarchy. This is minor, because you can save all your books at Amazon.com and load and unload them as you please. You don't have to have 300 books all downloaded, at all times.  5) charging $30 for an accessory (cover) that is really needed for the product.  6) headphone jack at top of unit? where should the cord go?  7) Amount of time you have to hold the `off' switch before powers down.      Kindle gets points for:  1. Dictionary support. Great feature.  2. book samples  3. Ease of downloading, and the integration with Amazon.com for shopping.  4. Search. Yea! Awesome feature.  5. Note taking ability.  6. easy free download of classic books.  7. E book pricing is low....most are $10 or less    Sony gets points for:  1. Compact size and sturdy - well made.  2. No frills face, easy to focus on reading only.  3. hierarchy of books, alphabetical sections (e.g. by author A-D).  4. lower overall price, with nice leather cover.  5. headphone jack at bottom of unit.  6. Easy to read, great resolution.    Sony loses points for:  1. The Sony store is cumbersome to navigate, and slow.  2. Fewer book choices. (100K vs 240K)  3. No availability of sample books  4. `100 free classic' books offer: getting these books downloaded and into e-reader was frustrating - too time consuming, and the books are already free on Amazon. (offer expires 3/31/09).  5. Books cost more - about $2 more, sometimes $3 or $4 more than Amazon.  6. Is charged by USB to PC, not a wall charger. A charger is an extra $30. I don't think I'll need one, when am I ever away from a computer...never.
R1UL9OGYS1C8Y	adjudicated	2	I really like the design of this case and if the sleep/wake function had worked I would have kept it and gave it 5 stars. The owl pattern is really cute.
R3UJ1EWJO78MG1	adjudicated	5	Purchased the Micro Ii with the idea I could send my MP3 digital music out from my laptop to my receiver(s) utilizing the Optical input.  From what I have attempted and after much research and support from Turtle Beach, this does not seem to work if your receiver cannot decode the compressed data stream.  I could not output CD music from the laptop with either - not sure why. Very disappointing.  However, I did connect the micro II as an analog output and did notice an an improvement over the laptop DAC. For $25, I would say it is worth it.  I just wish the technical data assoicated with the use of this device was available.
R20WW397L2T0PP	adjudicated	2	This item is good.  So far it has maintained my screen as advertized but I will say the directions could have been a might bit easier to understand and the bubbles are not as easily removed as advertized but they do work and I am glad I got them....
R2ZA4XOSF2S1CB	adjudicated	2	The Panda Wi-Fi was fairly easy to install to Windows 7, then after doing some detective  work in the phone, I finally got it to connect to the Panda device. However, it looks like it's going to take a computer geek to make it work with my preferred Lunix  OS .<br /><br />Unlike the Windows instructions in the booklet, the instructions for Lunix (finally found in a CD file) seemed too vauge and short. It's as though they didn't care if you understood it or not. I guess it will give me somthing to do as a challege later on. A good teacher is a hero, a bad teacher is a villian.
R3TE928OQMCJSL	adjudicated	3	The bag just accepts a 17.3 laptop width wise, maybe a folder might go along side. Now if you tuck a tablet, you need to fit to transformers and cables in the side pouch, no room left for the mouse perhaps. So very utilitarian and sparse, needs a end pocket or two for batteries, mouse, phone, etc.
R264IKE9X3QB11	adjudicated	2	Nice look, and features. Gave four stars because i find touch screen little less sensitive and there is transient initial lag in wireless key board and mouse function.
RL2TO2ASNZ28J	adjudicated	2	I loved the length of this cord. However, like most charger cords, even the slightest bend of it will cause it to stop working. In the case of the cable, it only took a month. It always charged my phone very fast but if I can't get it to last more than a month there is no point in purchasing it.
R1BIGA9AA46C7F	adjudicated	1	The pen serves its purpose. Initially I thought the device is faulty, because even after several hours of USB charging, it did not start up. I then manually replaced the provided battery with another AAA battery. It then started up and gave satisfactoy results
R1U2MO26HZ39NN	adjudicated	1	Just as good as any other usb cord works on my mac and cannon printer no issues seems good quality
R2JQ7DN7TGVDQ6	adjudicated	4	Pros: Durable, not easily damaged, defaced, or scratched. Protects tablet well. Fits tightly and holes are perfect for all cameras/mikes and controls. Works well as stand.<br /><br />Cons: You can't use the keyboard dock while this is on. If you use the dock a lot you will be taking this off/on several times a day.
R34VKUNW78FKUL	adjudicated	2	Old Laptop. Check. Dead battery. Check. Low funds. Check.<br />You need this. Or maybe you don't.<br />Performs as it should, but battery life isn't even close to a factory battery. When I bought my laptop, the battery would last up to 2 hrs running minimal usage. Even at maximum, it would last 45 mins. This thing will last about 20 mins at maximum, and 45 mins at minimum. So if you need it to move from one room to another, it'll do, but if you wanna sit down without a power cord, you'd better be prepared to type fast.
R2GDYRDH76DTVJ	adjudicated	3	I've owned this for awhile now. I added the extra 4GB RAM as recommended by some other users and.... it was still painfully slow. You have to go into the management center and change the performance settings. It is now pretty dang fast with 8GB of RAM and overall works well. It feels sturdy. The monitor isn't as good as my old Lenovo which was not a ThinkPad. But overall, for the price (even with the extra cost of RAM) it is worth it.
RMHSUUO1RJL17	adjudicated	4	Bought this for my AR to replace the basic, unpadded Blackhawk! sling that I'd had on it for a while.<br /><br />Pros: The padding on this sling is nice as are the elastic keepers for managing the excess strapping. The rubberized tab for making quick adjustments is nice as is the quick release for loosening the sling<br /><br />Cons: Getting it adjusted for my comfort/liking took some effort, but I made it work after fiddling with it for a half hour or so. The metal buckles on this sling appear to be poorly made, as they are punched unevenly, leaving sections of the buckle thicker than others. They might hold up just fine, but as an engineer, sloppy execution like that really bugs me. Also, the paint on the metal hardware appears to be spray paint, and poorly applied at that. The paint was already flaking off the hardware on my sling when I took it out of the package and was worn off the edges of the hardware, another sloppy detail that bugs me. The included instructions aren't that great and the pictures on the instruction sheet are so dark that they're useless. Finally, I was under the impression that this sling is made in the U.S. but I couldn't find any markings on it or the package it came in indicating that is the case, so I'm not sure where it's made. If it's U.S. made, it should would be nice if VTAC made a little more effort to make that known.<br /><br />Overall, I'm not 100% sure this is that great of a sling, but I guess I'll give it a try and see if it's the one for me. If not, I'll keep looking or return it and put my old Blackhawk! sling back on.
R1M471G6OJ2OUC	adjudicated	3	Beware that when you update the firmware ... as you must ... the boot code MUST be updated first or firmware will be frozen forever at 1.3.5.<br /><br />After making this mistake I called CISCO support: CISCO told me I could only get engineer support if I was a business or bought it from CISCO. I was told by CISCO that any support had to come from amazon. Amazon was as surprised as I was. Fortunately I was able to figure out myself how to fix it: I installed a prior version of the firmware and was ble to  upgrade via tftp. I am not happy with CISCO support of non-commercial clients.
R36H90M762GUQG	adjudicated	2	This fit in perfectly, but is a little noisy.<br /><br />Also, after letting a hardware tech friend of mine look at it, he believes I could have simply replaced the fan by going to Frys for the fan and re-using the mount, which would have cost only a few dollars and a few minutes.
R1R6S4YG2TESX5	adjudicated	3	Gotta admit I was truly excited when the Neuros MPEG4 Video Recorder 2  finally arrived. I actually found more value in my Palm Treo 650 smartphone. Yes, I can now watch my favorite movies while be mobile. That when I found I hit one those solutions unresolved... Since I use SD cards for extended memory I needed to get a SD/MMC CF Adapter, very hard to find since most locate Computer Stores are no longer brick and mortar(I ordered one through Amazon as well).     Once you do everything up running the process is really simple. As you're recording you can preview the playback on the TV. Great resolution and audio.     The same though does not hold true for the playback on my Palm Treo.  You'll need to download the TCPMP Core drivers for playback and audio (does not work with the Real Player software). Once loaded there is an error message, \\"Player: MPEG4 AAC Audio decorder not included! It was ermoved from the official install package because  of intellectual property considerations\\".    So now I'm thinking maybe I should have gotten the Neuros MPEG4 Video Recorder 2 Plus, maybe they've worked out the audio decoder matters.
R3NLM2QTCIYA3W	adjudicated	2	These were ordered to charge various iphones and ipods. They work fine but are a little short when charging from a PC, but are OK when using an external battery to charge the device.
RPS3GIG26PKMG	adjudicated	1	Case is okay. Didn't like the shiny rubber that the phone sits in. That looked very cheap and covered the buttons so you had to push a button with your finger nail when needed.<br /><br />Otherwise the case worked fine. Didn't look or feel like leather...it was advertised as PU (polyurethane) leather but it didn't even try to look like fake leather. I sent it back to Amazon and purchased the real leather ACcase. Very happy with that one...and it was even less money then this one.
RD43GGK3GWPKJ	adjudicated	3	After two weeks or so, I returned the product and bought a glass protector.  Installation, after reviewing the videos, was straightforward.  The fit of the GalaxyTab S 8.4 was good.  It was a little worrisome with all the liquid. It's hard to hold it and spray the back side without touching it.  However, the reason I returned it was twofold:  My unit had some tiny defects on one end and at one edge - that looked like thickness variation.  These were only visible, however, if viewed against a dark screen at an oblique angle.  I could live with those, probably.  But I came to realize the material used simply degrades the 2K display of the tablet, especially tiny text: it just looks fuzzy.  I cannot ding the product except to conclude that the plastics used just are not up to the transparency required by 2K or 4K displays.  I'm confident that the product is a good value for lower-res displays, but for me, I could not tolerate the fuzziness induced by the protector.
R2VU2GR79FKGWP	adjudicated	3	This does a great job and looks to be of very sturdy construction but my big complaint is the on-off-Yep-I'm-transferring-data indicator light is on the back where all the hook up wire are connected. The second issue is there was no backup software that came with the drive. Even though it works very well, because of that small detail of the light, I won't buy another.
R29YY8YN58RTF6	adjudicated	1	This router is supposed to be more powerful than actual results. I'm disappointed that the signal is so weak.
ROCRRBN76XIZ0	adjudicated	2	Worked properly for about a week before starting to act up a bit.  It charges the battery just fine, but when I try to turn on my laptop it fails to continuously provide power.  Found a bit of a workaround: I just have to take out the battery, press the power button 3-4 times until the laptop turns on, and then plug the battery back in and it will provide power to the laptop.  The adapter is about half the weight of my old Dell one and feels a bit cheaper, but hey, its for $5.  I haven't noticed it getting any hotter than my previous adapter.  Using a Dell Vostro 1510 laptop.
R1SC3CUHDQ6LJV	adjudicated	1	I would love to give this 5 stars but I have had it for less than a week and it is already having to be shipped to Hp for a faulty screen it has a huge crack in led screen and black blob just from opening it up.  I understand its a refurbished computer but I have never had this happen before.
R276H7182VT85Y	adjudicated	3	As far as the technical specs and the tablet-ey functions, this is a great device. The camera functions as a full 1080p video cam as well as taking pictures, which is awesome. The apps are very cool and useful, many of them are free.<br /><br />However, I have a huge beef with the fact that there is almost no customization for the Kindle. My Kindle and your Kindle and Their Kindle all have the same boring default loaded backgrounds and screensavers (and dear God I hope you didn't let them run adds on your screensaver.) And by the way, why am I paying you $15 NOT to spam me with advertisements? That's just...absurd. But what else could I do? I needed a Kindle... And thus you get a tablet / advertisement machine.<br /><br />Someone out there will crack it soon enough (Not that I condone voiding warranties Mr. Moderator. Just being honest)
RJ3OCVB3HEMUB	adjudicated	4	This keyboard is basically the exact same size and shape as the MacBook Pro keyboard. It's nice and small, so it's doesn't take up much desktop space at all.<br /><br />The keys require quite a bit of force to depress, though. They're much harder than you'd expect from a slim keyboard - especially in comparison with the MBP keyboard, which feels quite natural to type on. I had this keyboard replace my previous full-sized desktop keyboard. I like this because it's small, but it's less comfortable to type on because of how much force is required to depress keys. This is probably my largest gripe with this keyboard.<br /><br />Also, the Fn key for some reason sends out an \\"a\\" character in addition to acting as the function key. I don't know if that's a specific problem, though. That basically nullifies the numpad on this, which would have otherwise been nice.<br /><br />I'm using it for both OSX and Windows 7. In OSX, you can swap the Alt and Command keys under System Preferences to have the keys in the same spot as they are on the MacBook.
R11A7CCPPTW4ZV	adjudicated	2	On the upside, however, it seems to be really secure and tight so it won't leak. I use it every night in the bath tub though so the tight fit gets a little annoying to deal with every single night. Hasn't ripped yet but expected these guys to rip at some seam within a year if you use them on a regular basis.
RXMSJRQSXJ3HG	adjudicated	2	Cover fits well but when folding it back, it has just one position. The &#34;hinge&#34; of the cover is loose and is hard to keep straight. Not the best, most durable cover but it was inexpensive and protects the screen.
R3FDLU6YC9F532	adjudicated	1	Of the ten ports one works.  Yep, nothing but a usb extension cord.  Don't waste your money.  Added later:  The company did contact me to attempt to address the issue.  For that, I'll give them an additional star.  They replaced the unit, I have to give another for that.  The issue ends up being a flaw in the design.  Host system goes to sleep and so does the usb.  Stupid design.  They did send a replacement.  It's still in the box and I have no intentions of using it.  I have a different brand that meets all expectations.  Personally, I won't buy another.
R1NMEJ23BTMEFF	adjudicated	1	I couldnt use this for my CNC machine becuase I needed ECP mode and this device would not allow manual settings.
RSLJB37U3Z9VI	adjudicated	2	I do love my Kindle HD...but on my third time replacing, before the warranty had expired. BIG ISSUE...that Amazon desperately needs to fix is the plug on the Kindle. It becomes loose, which causes the adapter to not charge eventually. Has been a flaw since the Kindle came out and Amazon, for some reason, I guess cannot seem to fix. I would give it a 5 star rating, if not for the inconvenience of having it replaced ever year. But I must say, Amazon is the best to deal with, always helpful and prompt in sending me a new one. Them I give 5 stars!!
RRQOY0IS6PHW2	adjudicated	3	I was prepared to love this keyboard.  The blue light in the keys is pleasant, clear, not intrusive.  The extra controls are nice.  But I just could not get used to the ENTER key.  It is not full size because an extra key was squeezed in.    Most QWERTY keyboards have: J K L ; ' ENTER for the right hand home row.    The Maxell CkI-1 keyboard has:  J K L ; ' \ ENTER.    To make room for the backslant key the ENTER key was nibbled away.  Cannot begin to tell you how that slowed down my typing.  This might not be much trouble if you rely on the word-wrap function in most applications.  However, I have been typing a bunch of poetry so I need to control the line breaks.  For my needs, an undersized ENTER key means mistakes and delay.    \  See, there's one now!  (Did NOT do that on purpose.)  That's the only grumble I have, but for me it has been a major grumble.
R9ICPQ6U2N12Q	adjudicated	3	I initially bought the cover because it appeared aesthetically pleasing.  Also, at the time I purchased it, there was another Amazon.com reviewer who seemed happy with it.  As of this posting, that reviewer is no longer here and I wonder if that was a review by someone affiliated with the company?    Anyway, here's my evaluation of the sleeve.  First, it's a fine sleeve, it's functional, and looks reasonably good.  Second, it's not high quality material.  For example, it's not real leather, and it must involve some cheap polymers, because it has a bit of a chemical smell.  It's not unbearable, but if you bring it close to you, you'll smell it.  Lastly (this is the part that matters), the sleeve is fine as a cover, but it won't necessarily protect your kindle from impact.  Specifically, the sleeve is a relatively thin cushion (and hence provides some protection), but it is not a rigid case. So, it's markedly different from say, a Case Logic product, which seems much more rigid and would provide a good protection.  Gizmo sleeve also would provide less protection than other less rigid nylon cases.    Conclusion is this.  If you are careful to handle your assets, then this sleeve would probably serve fine when you carry your Kindle inside a purse or a backpack.  If you're the type who might carry the Kindle in your arm along with notepads and drop it now and then, then don't use this product.
R3LRLJ1K31W4J4	adjudicated	1	This is a nice tablet, functions all work, etc.<br />However, no matter how fast your internet speed, it runs very slowly.<br />It can be very frustrating.<br />Reminds me of dial-up.
R2WLGJK5B22OOL	adjudicated	4	The main reason I bought this over a typical 2-in-1 is the native support for a stylus. I use the stylus on my Note 3 as much or more than my finger, after all, because a natively-supported stylus is so much more accurate (NOT the type that work with any device--rubber- or mesh-tipped).   I mistakenly thought that the Surface 3 stylus used only a Bluetooth connection, but I was recently corrected by a helpful customer. It seems the stylus uses Bluetooth only to launch OneNote, and uses a digitizer layer for pointing. In my experience, though, it is not nearly as accurate as the unpowered stylus on my  Samsung Note 3. On my phone, the stylus is precisely recognized, even when hovering. My Surface 3 does not have the same precision, which makes high accuracy a challenge. Unless the stylus is perfectly perpendicular to the screen, the system's recognition of it wanders around a few millimeters here or there, so I've had a difficult time using it for drawing and other tasks requiring a high degree of accuracy.   Additionally, the stylus on my Note 3 is always recognized by the system and apps, but some apps on my Surface 3 do not recognize the stylus at all (even Microsoft's own apps!). I've purchased a cheap keyboard with an included TouchPad and sometimes used a mini mouse to make up for the problems with the stylus. Why? Because I refuse to pay the ridiculous sum of $130 for a keyboard cover, especially one that doesn't protect the screen in case of a fall.  Windows 8.1 is still a mystery to me, one that requires a large book and assistance from my middle schooler to figure out. Owners of (legal copies of) Windows 8 will be getting a free upgrade to Windows 10 when it comes out, so I'm excited about that.   There are many detailed reviews of both the Surface Pro 3 and this Surface 3, so I'll just give my 2 cents: I wish I'd bought a much less expensive Windows 2-in-1 and a Bluetooth stylus. I would probably have a faster system, longer battery life, and a keyboard, with little extra weight. I would also  have more ports on a 2-in-1, along with a TouchPad. Based on my experience with this (expensive) stylus, any type stylus would work as well, so the digitizer layer that I was enamored with is not worth the other shortcomings of this system, especially the price.   In sum, I think the Surface 3 is a giant leap forward over the Surface 2, but still not quite worth the premium price over regular 2-in-1s  with similar screen size and performance. Unfortunately, a laptop still cannot quite double as a tablet. The Surface 3 is an expensive laptop with some birth defects.
R1X4L2WC2Y8H3	adjudicated	1	I was not a happy camper when I found out the Vista Basic soft were expired after 30 days.  I purchase the computer with the intentions of having the software not a trial bases.
R2UV4XJO44G2AZ	adjudicated	2	Yes this is dual band Wi-Fi, but only one at a time. Packaging says it's &#34;switched dual band&#34;. Not all of my devices support 5 GHz, and 2.4 GHz was ridiculously slow for some reason (5Mb/s down), so I ended up just disabling Wi-Fi and hooking up an additional Wi-Fi router. Wi-Fi speeds are much faster now (20+ Mb/s down / 12 up). Had I realized this from the start, I would have saved some money and bought the base model without Wi-Fi or spent a little extra for a non-switched dual band Wi-Fi model, assuming the Wi-Fi speeds were better. Kind of bought this in a hurry when we had no options but Comcast/Xfinity in our new house.
R1N1OL54MC22RP	adjudicated	3	Where do I start with this TV tuner? Well let's start from the end... Bottom line once it works, it works great! The picture clarity is fantastic and it works with Windows Media Center. If you're not an advanced PC user I wouldn't recommend this tuner because there are a lot of steps that need to be taken to get it working. Keep in mind I have Windows 7 64-bit so your issues or lack thereof may vary. The drivers on the CD aren't worth the disc it's burned on and the Diamond website has no real help. I found if you plug in the tuner then install drivers Windows won't recognize the tuner and it'll throw a error. After going around in circles I even was able to \\"Blue screen\\" Windows. Here are the steps that worked for me but keep in mind they might not work for you. Use the information for just that, informational purposes.<br /><br />1. Left the tuner unplugged.<br />2. Downloaded the drivers from the Diamond website for both the tuner and remote fix.<br />3. Installed those drivers.<br />4. Plugged the tuner in and it was found.<br />5. Started up Windows Media Center and setup the tuner in it.<br />6. It found 5 channels, BOO! Needed to add the missing ones manually.<br />7. Step 6 was difficult because I needed to find the actual number of each channel and the corresponding guide. Did a web search found the information<br />8. Finally was done!<br /><br />Pros: This is a great tuner with fantastic picture quality<br />  It works with Media Center, well sorta.<br />  It does support Clear Qam and does work with HD channels.<br /><br />Cons: The driver disc is worthless<br />  Could lock-up your PC<br />  Very hard to setup<br />  The Diamond website has no real help.<br />  Need to do manual channel and guide setup in Windows Media Center (I'm not sure if it's the tuner or Windows Media Center)
R2N15MZWSQO8A5	adjudicated	2	OK switch for the price.  I like the metal case and wall mounting holes on the back.  My only complaint is that it would not drive 100 feet of Cat 6 cable.  I changed out two of the switches for a DLink product, and though I still was not able to get 1G speeds down the 100 feet, at least I did get 100MB/s data rates.
R3I56XW4QQP4RI	adjudicated	1	Not sure if its just me but I prefer the book type cover I had on my Paperwhite. I do find the origami stand useful at lunch time through. Also the front cover when closed seems to easily move from side to side exposing the screen ?
R2YUFNSF1MPAG2	adjudicated	4	I'm a 24 / m that has been rooting and ROMing phones for years so I know my way around android. I am also broke and needed a budget tablet.<br />Pros:<br />----------<br />(EDIT)<br />After tweaking everything a few times, I have found the best performance with these settings.<br /><br />- No frills CPU set to 48mhz lowest, 1.1ghz - 1.2ghz (any higher freezes often with no noticable speed increase)<br />- Use Interactive governor (fast cpu scaling, quick to rev up and kills it when screen off to save battery)<br />use<br />- Use DEADLINE  I/O  (best for multi tasking, least crashes)<br /><br />With these settings and FAST REBOOT and task killer (do not set to auto-clean, just use the task killer widget and fast reboot to clean up ram when you pick it up) I have greatly improved performance.<br /><br />I also ran through many launchers and found Nova to be the best with least lag.<br /><br />-------<br />Original Review<br /><br />Decent camera - 1.3mp is better than you think, and it doesn't only work with skype so ignore that review<br />Screen was pretty clear. Not HD, but its not the poor low quality I was expecting. Looks fine<br /><br />Comes rooted (but there aren't any roms I would recommend. Just use a CPU app and titanium backup / other root apps).<br /><br />Nice design. I was pleaseantly impressed. Pretty thin and light<br /><br />Runs ICS with PLAY STORE - not all of these a13 allwinner tablets run off the real play store.<br /><br />USB host. Just plug whatever you want into it. It has worked fine with a keyboard and a mouse (yes, a pointer appears on the screen). I will be trying it with a USB hub and see if it will run a mouse and keyboard together<br /><br />USB cannot be used to charge. It is HORRIBLY slow, and not reccomended. BUT, if you are in a pinch, a usb charger will let it stay on. So as long as you have a phone charger, you can at least turn it on.<br /><br />Good quality, but only for the price. If you want a tablet that runs like a thunderbolt or higher quality phone, go to the $150 - $200 range and grab a dual-core<br /><br />Cons:<br />CPU! - Although these are all advertised as 1.2 - 1.5GHZ, they are not. Yes, the software will allow setCPU (or others) to set it to 1.5GHZ, but this is just overclocking a 1GHZ CPU. Which is why people are getting horrible battery life and freezing. Just set it to 1GHZ. its not really slower, because any higher than 1.2 freezes up and crashes.<br /><br />wifi speed isnt the fastest. all around, its about as fast as a 3rd gen ipod touch for web. Just about every phone I have had has been faster.<br /><br />Screen - My biggest complaint is the screen. quality was good, but the viewing angle is horrible. you have to hold it just right to avoid bad contrast. ESPECIALLY portrait viewing. You cannot look straight at it in portrait. And the screen is about 5% hidden underneath the black edges of the screen.<br /><br />Battery - I have only had it one day, but the battery life seems to be 3-5 hrs if you barely use it. I dont care to keep mine on the charger a lot. otherwise its about 2-3 hrs if you are lucky.<br /><br />(EDIT) After having it for a full 24 hours I have run a battery test from 100%. Battery has lasted almost 13 hours through the night. Up time was about 5 hours. down time (idle or in airplane mode) was 8. So if you set it down in airplane mode, it will do A LOT better.<br /><br />Laggy - music was skipping a little, if you dont constantly close apps, it will get pretty slow. And if you are downloading / installing an app, it can really ONLY do that. everything else slows up til its done. But again, its a budget tablet. And still does better than others in the price range (EDIT: after changing the cpu settings I posted at the top, lagging has almost disappeared. especially if I keep ram clean.<br /><br />Sound - you're gonna need speakers or headphones to watch anything if there is any noise around. pretty quiet. (EDIT: sound can be improved by downloading speaker boost. dont boost more than 40% or you might blow the speaker.)<br /><br />All in all, I like it enough to keep it. Its not great, but I just use it to browse the web and netflix and a few other apps. Nothing major. If you don't have $150 to buy a tablet, this is for you. Just remember its a budget tablet. If you really want a Nexus tablet, save and get it.
R288QHOB36NZFX	adjudicated	1	The top holder seems to large for my razer mouse. keeps falling out
R2WLZVY1BQQ949	adjudicated	1	The case fits but the top part comes off easily. It should fit a little more snugly.  Then u wouldn't have this problem
R1G2RSVERIIH5A	adjudicated	2	At first I thought it simply didn't work.  Then I found out that it just doesn't play nice with any other USB cables, so is questionably useful as an extension cable since many usb cables I plugged into it stop working.
R14PBYKSS8YW0A	adjudicated	3	I bought a Labtec webcam pro for $23 and mind you the price is good for this deal. The webcam is actually fantastic and gives out sharp and clear picture. The only disadvantage that i could find was that it was very dim when the lighting was not appropriate. If i get the sunlight (or durting the day time) it works better than expensive ones but with the natural light going out this phases out too. The webcam needs to be improved drastically in this area.
R3OW3JL57W33WI	adjudicated	4	This product was ordered by my mother for her 2008 MacBook when the adaptor that came with her laptop wore out and ceased to function, so I write this review based on both my experience and hers in mind. Let me say straight off that the feature that really impresses us with this adaptor (aside from the fact that it was less than $20 to buy) is how slim and lightweight it is compared to Apple adaptors. We also like the way that the thinner cable connects to the box, in that it looks less-likely to break due to stresses put on it right there, which would be how both her old adaptor and mine finally died (I relate my own experiences with a different replacement adaptor for a similar model of MacBook in a review for [[ASIN:B000FQ245I Original Apple 60W Power Adapter (T-shaped Connector) for MacBook with AC Extension Wall Cord]]). However, she HAS had some issues with that particular feature, so... But I'll get to that shortly, as I like to do things chronologically.<br /><br />The first adaptor to arrive in the mail lit up beautifully when it was plugged into a laptop--any laptop--we tried it with my mother's, my 2007 MacBook, and her brand-spankin'-new, just-purchased MacBook Pro. Unfortunately, no matter what computer it was plugged into, despite the lovely, glowy status light on the magnet-plug, it wasn't providing any power to anything. After some overly-complicated and tedious correspondance with the seller, we were able to return it and receive a replacement in the mail.<br /><br />The replacement works well, so far, definitely none of the problems that the first one had. However, the overall adaptor is shorter than a standard Apple power adaptor and, according to my mother, she has a problem with the cable coming loose from the adaptor. This may not seem like too much of a problem, but it's a case where, because it comes loose so easily, she frequently won't notice that it's happened, right up until the point that her laptop's completely drained of power, becauseit wasn't plugged in when she thought it was. However, we both agree that this was a better purchase than the adaptor I bought for my own laptop, and I know I'm currently regretting buying that one and not another one of these. Oh well, them's the breaks!
R34XVXJW8XWHPD	adjudicated	3	Pure specification numbers, particularly the 10K RPM speed, would logically indicate this is the fastest SATA II drive outside of solid state, but some benchmark reviews and my own experience brings up some questions.  I do like that the drive is quiet compared to the Raptor predecessor.  The first 10K Raptors were only 37 and 74 GB, SATA I, and noisy.  The Velociraptor series is much quieter and comes in the 150 and 300 GB flavors and SATA II.  However, I don't think the price is worth it.  I have \\"regular\\" 7.2K RPM SATA II drives with no RAID that give Win 7 ratings of 5.9, and my RAID 0 dual 300GB Velociraptor only gives a 6.2    Of course Win 7 ratings are nowhere as reliable as throughput and random access tests, but just Google Velociraptor vs. Samsung Spinpoint and read for yourself.  While the random access times are faster for the Velociraptor, most read/write/burst speeds are faster for Spinpoint and Spinpoint is even faster than SSD on some tests.  So random access is the ability to \\"Find\\" what you are looking for.  The other tests are related to processing a found item or creating a new file, which may be more important for people working with multimedia and large files.  So if you want to load your OS fast or find a file fast, then SSD is the best if you can afford it.  If you are copying files from A to B, creating large files, etc... then Spinpoint beats even SSD.  So a good SSD with decent capacity runs over $400 at the time of this review.  A pair of Velociratptors @ 300 GB each for a total of 600 GB at RAID 0 will run you nearly $400.  A 1TB Spinpoint will cost you about $80 with some tax or S/H it may get near $100.  So for the price of 1 quality SSD at about 128GB you can get 2 Velociraptors at 600 GB with RAID 0 or 4 Spinpoints with 2 2TB logical drives on RAID 0, resulting in 4000GB>600GB>128GB.  So it really raises the question of price vs gain (if any) of buying a Velociraptor, or 2 for that matter.  I feel like I wasted money on my dual Velociraptors but didn't know about Spinpoint prior to my purchase.  Of course the newer 600GB Velociraptors with the new SATA standard are available but I haven't seen the benchmarks on those, nor the price.
R1104VGEBOEZZN	adjudicated	1	The main case was pretty cheaply made but the other accessories made up for it.  Like the extra charges and zippered case so its still worth the price but I ordered a sturdier case after the fact.
R3V9SEYNIQCEO8	adjudicated	1	Product arrived on time.  Was as described.<br />When I went to install it into a HP desktop it would not allow the computer to get past BIOS test.  Tried different slots and different bios configurations and could not get to work.  I am attempting to return the product.
R1S4W05DNSJVBH	adjudicated	1	The hinge WILL BREAK.  It's not a matter of if, it's a matter of when.<br /><br />I bought 2 of these the same day.  Both have had broken hinges.  Expect it to happen. It will.<br /><br />Asus will repair it, but it takes time and it is an obnoxious (but friendly, they are super nice but still it is obnoxious to have to do it) process.
R1PXU9P7NWDZ1M	adjudicated	2	I purchased this because it was a good price for the specs. It turns out that for a decent DVD reader, it does it's job adequately, but there is little to write home about. I would have expected better reading speeds.  For the price, they are acceptable.
R2XN7JQCTJH82D	adjudicated	2	Overall its a nice case but its not worth $44. You can't charge it closed. And its odd to type while in case if you use both hands. Overall I'm disappointed,returning and going with cheaper option.... obviously more expensive wasent worth it .
RFF9E992HEG3B	adjudicated	2	I have the KVM installed and working.  I tried to use with a wireless keyboard and mouse and had constant issues with the keyboard and mouse ceasing function.  with a regular keyboard and mouse it works fine, even using a PS/2 keyboard and a USB mouse, but wireless devices will not work properly.  Also, you must have the item selected when you are booting it otherwise you will not be able to control the computer which means you have to manually power-up on a power failure instead of having systems set to auto-boot when power is restored.  Has the standard hit scroll lock twice and then the number to switch between stations.
R1HD7TUO1T25SY	adjudicated	1	It fit. It works.  But it is very loud.  I've never I thought I would replace a working power supply, but the fan noise level is driving us nuts, and after a month of it, we are looking to replace it one that explicitly says it is quiet!
R3G3A57NDOJSET	adjudicated	3	I'm glad I got this to protect my Kindle Fire and it does exactly what it says.  For the money, it's a great product.  The only real drawback is that it doesn't stay standing when using the cover grooves (their intended purpose).  I think this will probably get better over time as the leather settles, but it's been a few months and I still have to find a sweet spot in order to keep it positioned properly.  Furthermore, mine needs to be on a completely flat surface to stay in place, which is not always possible or convenient.  Like I said, good buy if your primary goal is to protect your Kindle - that it does very well.
R2TVI9ONPLSNJ4	adjudicated	3	This firebreather of a computer arrived promptly, and was easy to set up:  just put it on my desk and go.     Here's one \\"but...\\"  the power cord that came in the box was the wrong one-- it wouldn't plug into the back of the computer.  Fortunately, I had a spare that works, so it wasn't a showstopper for me.    Another \\"but...\\":  the camera installed in the computer can't be recognized by the camera software.  I've tried the few tricks I know, to no avail, so I've stuck another camera on top of the screen...    Final \\"but\\". The touch screen function is grinchy and not at all convenient to use--certainly not by comparison with the iPad I'm using to write this review.  I understand that some of this is an inherent flaw in the operating system, but you'd think with all the horsepower the computer has, a proper brute-force software solution would be installed.    And, the means of getting tech support from ASUS isn't made really obvious or clear by the manufacturer.    That said, the image quality on the screen is spectacular, and having such a large screen without the big box under my desk is a real plus.    Overall, I wouldn't spend this kind of money on this product again, and I wouldn't recommend that anyone else do so, either, especially if they hope to use the touch screen feature.
R28UGS5Q7RSD4U	adjudicated	0	I don't about them because I cancelled them.  They were not the correct plan for the Kindle I have. I am still waiting for my refund from them though.
RETVM7IQHT55V	adjudicated	1	I don't like the malware that came with it. I've spent two weeks trying to get rid of all the crap. If it wasn't for the extreme inconvenience, I would give it 5 stars.
R38R4R1FJ5G86C	adjudicated	1	Can not fault seller but this card was terrible. Would connect only on occasion and for not particular reason why it would or would not. Just too unreliable
RQRU82QOG93B9	adjudicated	4	I really, really wanted to love my Kindle. It was a gift from my husband. First the good: downloading to the Kindle is as easy and fast as they say it is. The convenience of being able to get and read and book whenever you feel like it is great. But.....I was suprised at how little else it does. With phones working as cameras, navs and basically tiny laptops, can't they get a giant (by comparison) Kindle to do more? The storage takes up alot I am sure, but how about sticking an external memory card on it and instead offer screen customization, color screen, better organization for books etc.? There are literally only two ways to sort ALL of your books. The Kindle reminds me of an old Atari game console. (Yes I get the the \\"book\\" look screen, but frankly I don't care). And I find the Amazon/Kindle site is also lacking in the search engine, which is unusual given the parent company. Also it can be uncomfortable to hold but I also have pretty small hands, so that could be just me. And lastly, absolutely don't buy one if you think you'll save money, unless you buy all your books in hardcover normally. Every book I've ordered has been $9.99- whereas a paperback is usually $7.99 aside from \\"fiction literature\\".  So yes it is good to order up a book and have it delivered instantly. You'll save time and trees. Aside from that, I'd hold out to see what Apple does.
R3Q2DBYQNJAHLU	adjudicated	2	Good color, definition and plenty fast.  The camera is a letdown.  There is not a lens to look into to see your subject.  Its only a one-way lens that makes it hard to take pictures and the unit is heavier than my last Kindle 7&#34;.  For the money a its a bit much because of the camera situation.
R2QBASP8SQ9L8Z	adjudicated	2	Great deal for this batter for DELL VOSTRO, only problem is that it doesn't fit perfectly. One corner doesn't \\"click\\" into the laptop, but it still powers the computer and charges just fine. Laptop works, but doesn't lay flat!
R1G2BY0W2U8E0Y	adjudicated	3	I'm not sure how well the H100i works, I didn't connect it.  I ended up getting the H80i instead which has the annoying property of setting off a 'cpu fan error' on my new system.  It's multiple annoying beeps every time you start up after you tell the system to start on error in the bios.  If you turn off the bios fan control software, it goes to max speed and sounds like a jet engine, but no beeps.  So pick your poison, annoying beeps or jet engine fan noise.  It works well aside from that, cpu temp is below body temp except under unusual circumstances.  The other problem that is that amazon will suggest to you the H100i with cases it doesn't fit.  Don't be fooled, these are two large fans, you need a specific case or to set it up so that the fans don't actually force air out of the computer case.  Wouldn't recommend corsair water cooling to anyone building their first system, wait until the next generation.
R1D4P6AGG3999J	adjudicated	1	Cloned a HDD to this one and installed in my system, it's been in less than a month and the computer will no longer boot and it's giving SMART errors upon bootup.  I'll try 1 more and then I'll move on to another product.
R1TJD6VYO56F0J	adjudicated	0	...but this is the kind of thing Apple of the early 21st century would have included in the box. Oh well. Here's another tenner. *sigh*
R36G4426SEQ659	adjudicated	1	This all in one is SLOW SLOW SLOW :(  Not a huge fan because my old HP ran wayyyyy faster. Getting used to Windows 8. Not very user friendly in my opinion. Sigh.
R1L9CX1ESDT5ZE	adjudicated	2	Nice design, lightweight, very thin, and colorful! Love the floral design, makes it different from the other ones. They only thing that REALLY disappointed me was that it did NOT include the stylus pen like it said in the description...
R3VQYJ075MTNJ2	adjudicated	2	Without revealing much, I go to a very rigorous school and I carry a lot of books around. Something to the tune of 20-25 pounds per day. Not fun.<br /><br />For about half of the year, this worked, but it has slowly ripped, not just the backpack but the zippers and other things.<br /><br />If you are carrying around a laptop and an iPad this is fine. I would not recommend this for heavy things, but otherwise it is great.
R1T2LI9DU8DV1O	adjudicated	2	I got it for my ASUS 15.6\\" laptop and the molding is too short for my laptop to fit into it. So it does fit if crammed in, but only one end is protected by the hard molding. And the front seems to be thinner material than on a different BUILT sleeve I had, so I guess you have to choose whether you want the top or bottom of your computer to be left vulnerable. I'm disappointed by the design. It will get the job done, adding an extra shield in my laptop bag, but it just didn't feel cool. It kind of looked like a serving tray wearing a wet suit. :(
R1SKT2M7H5KQ26	adjudicated	2	I really wanted to like this keyboard.  I liked the size, I like the fact that it's wireless, I like the multi-media buttons, and I like the excellent battery life.  What I couldn't handle were the keys.  The size of the keys is fine for me, but they sure wiggle around a lot.  That wouldn't be a problem if there was less travel or if the keys were concave, but even though they're flat; when you combine the long travel with the wiggling it made me feel as if my fingers were constantly rolling off the sides.  I'll keep it around if I need a keyboard for a machine that I don't do a lot of typing on, but I'm going to have to try something different for my daily driver.  I ordered a Logitech K740 with their &#34;PerfectStroke&#34; system, and I'm hoping it's more to my liking.
R2GKJ2GNRMAM5O	adjudicated	1	The seller mailed me this battery in very good time but.......... it worked for a little over 60 days then it wouldn't hold a charge.  I contacted the seller and they emailed me a pre-paid return USPS label to send it back to them.  They told me that they'd send me a replacement once they got the old battery back.  I have to wonder why!!!  Did they think I was trying to pull something crooked for a purchase under $20.  I think they must have.<br /><br />Once the seller received the defective battery they immediately mailed a replacement but to the wrong address!  When I pointed this out to them they quickly shipped out a 2nd replacement, this time sent to the correct address.  I have no idea how well the replacement will work since I haven't received it yet but I'm hoping it lasts more than 2 months.  If this one fails, I'll buy a more expensive replacement.  Good luck with whatever you decide.
RQ5PQGY4HVTKS	adjudicated	3	I purchased this keyboard because I was looking for a moderately priced gaming keyboard. So far, It works just as well as any normal keyboard. There is nothing that stands out about this product that makes it for &#34;gaming&#34; though.<br /><br />I like that this keyboard is USB. I like dthat it is plug and play pretty much. Nothing special to getting it working. The different color keys are neat, but not really necessary fro an advanced user who has the keyboard memorized anyways.<br /><br />I did not like that the keys give the same push as a cheap keyboard from Walmart. I don't like the unusual shape of the keyboard. I dislike that the media keys are nearly impossible to distinguish from date of arrival.<br /><br />All in all, this is a decent STANDARD keyboard. It should not be advertised as gaming for any reason.<br /><br />Hope this review helps someone.
R3INSM8HSOOV1	adjudicated	3	My biggest complaint is the glossy screen.  Like laptop displays, monitors are showing up with glossy instead of matte-finish screens. The glossy screen can make dark areas of the image appear deeper and less washed out in bright, ambient light. But it can also reflect light-colored objects in the room like a mirror.  I can't use this monitor after sunset without getting a headache because the lamp behind me and/or my overhead light cast a glare that makes it very hard to see what I'm doing  The image is crisp, and I like that this monitor has a native 1080 resolution at 60 Hz.  I prefer a mouse, but the times I have used the touchscreen, it's been very responsive.  As with any inbuilt speakers (even on modern giant TVs), this monitor's speakers are lousy, but I've heard worse.  Any external speaker from the last 20 years will do a better job.  The backing on the monitor is its stand, being used to prop up the screen.  You can tilt the monitor more by pulling out the stand more, but you can't have the monitor completely upright, or it'll fall onto its face.  You can mount it on the wall (it complies to the international VESA standards), but that's impractical for my setup (and for most touchscreen setups, I reckon).
R33Z2IGCQRZKMQ	adjudicated	1	If your wanting an ereader then it's great.  It runs slow on the internet,  keeps freezing and closing from errors while on the net
R3RMQBBBBKHFQ7	adjudicated	1	It is O.K. but it is not as flexible as it says or easy flexing it.  It seems like it was intended to moved into a position and left in that position.  The 360 degree turning is very very very did I say very difficult and it makes these loud clicking noise like it is going to break as you attempt the 360 degree turn.
R3VBBJUJTSX5BW	adjudicated	3	Just got this keyboard and it is working great!  keys feel awesome, nice touch with the rubber padding for my gaming situations, and an excellent price for a mechanical keyboard.  I had missed the sound and love the feel of it.<br /><br />I have one CON,  Arrow Key gamers beware;  You are able to use up and left or up and right to move forward and strafe, however, moving forward while strafing is the only thing you can do with the buttons near the arrow keys.  While pressing both up and left or both up and right, no other (3rd simultaneous key press) button works.  They work fine individually or if you are only moving forward, or only strafing, but you cannot move forward, strafe, and hit another key at the same time.  For this reason i have dropped it two stars because i feel doing these actions is important for my gaming and I was quite disappointed when i found I was limited in this.  I just wish i had kept the box so i could return this keyboard for one that will work for my button combinations.<br /><br />Other than the one con listed above, I love this keyboard and will probably use it for a work computer or one of the boys school keyboards.
RGBKKN8KKWCM1	adjudicated	2	It's still not a true HDX 8.9 case. The dimensions are suited to an ipad. The width is fine, but it's a little too high to be a snug fit for the Kindle.interior dimensions are closer to 9.5&#34; x 7.5&#34;. My HDX is covered by a Cosmos TPU &#34;X&#34; case, which adds maybe 1/16&#34; on each side, and maybe another 1/8&#34; in depth. I have no problem fitting it into the VIES sleeve while the TPU case is on the device.<br /><br />The upshot is that it'll do, I guess, but I would have preferred a case actually designed for the HDX rather than a repurposed iPad one.
R1NDSZLCT9MSNO	adjudicated	3	Got my Alston Craig Vintage Genuine Leather Slim stand Case Cover for my ipad air.  It's nice, but for the price it's a bit flimsy.  I expected more padding on the inside, but it's just the leather on the outside and the striiped material and leather on the inside, over what feels like cardboard.  I also wish there were more ways to angle the ipad screen when you stand it up, instead of almost directly straight up or almost laying down.  I would buy another one if I couldn't find a leather case/stand that was more padded on the inside.
RH1IL8UP6WQBB	adjudicated	2	I ordered the R6250, it arrived two days after shipping. Out of the box, everything worked correctly - I was able to set up the SSID and connect various devices to the network. After about 5 minutes all devices lost connectivity to the network and I noticed the power light on the front of the router turned from green to amber. The device booted back up, all devices reconnected, then about 2 minutes later the same problem occurred. There is definitely an intermittent power issue with the device I ordered, as it was refurbished and may have made it past QA due to it being an intermittent issue. I contacted Amazon support and immediately received a refund and return label. I don't think this is a reflection of EMBIZ as it could have been overlooked if the device wasn't tested for very long. I give this 3 stars because the product did arrive ahead of schedule, appeared to be in new condition, and the refund was given by Amazon with no problem.
R3JTXGD2IZOIRA	adjudicated	3	The sound quality is great, the microphone is very sensitive ignore the noise canceling it claims. It picks up everything. You will most likely have to make a bunch of adjustments in whatever chat service you use to make up for the initial overwhelming loudness it projects when you speak, but that's easy enough to work out.     I was really excited to play with the voice effects, then was met with great disapointment. There are only a few options with many of them sounding incredibly similar to each other, and some of them being much to high pitch for anyone to tolerate listening to you speak for more than a few words. I was hoping to be able to model a draenei voice, but it surprisingling did not make the list. Nor did the nightelf of either gender as my husband had hoped. The voice effects were fun to play with for a few minutes but it annoyed more people than amused with the high pitches, or inability to understand what was being said due to the frequencies. There is a create your own feature, but that seems more of a headache trying to find just the right settings than it's worth.     Also, kinda wish this wasn't usb so if I wanted to just use the mic or headphones separately I could. The mic is removable but it's bent at an odd angle with no flexability so I don't imagine pluging it in on it's own would be an option for many machines.    Other than the awesome sound this thing puts out, the best part is the customization of the lighting on each ear. If you are wondering how to change out the lenses, it comes with a little screwdriver intended for that purpose. It comes with both alliance and horde lenses with the alliance lenses already in place. Maybe the folks at soundblaster are a little partial to the alliance side? ; )     Anyway that's my review and everything I would have wanted to know when I was purchasing this. Hope it helps!
R2M65WPRFSXS0G	adjudicated	1	As the title insinuates, the life of this battery is about what you would expect for the price.(you get what you pay for) I only had it for about a week before my computer started to say I should consider replacing it, it still charges as normal and can be unplugged for about 45 minutes or so, but who knows when it will fail completely.
R3TGYQAN8NNRFL	adjudicated	1	Works well but not compatible with Panasonic TV
R3JRJG0M6TJ7YQ	adjudicated	1	It has a really good price-quality relation. It is confortable for using over a table, but not for using at bed over your belly
R19G3G682HPN0T	adjudicated	1	Delivered on time, but It showed some troubles when connected to socks!!<br />Despite of being the orignal, not so good as it should be, I needed to replace the cable!!!
RNQCJAPQ81KHD	adjudicated	1	The case fits fine. It came with micro not mini usb as I thought. I ordered an adapter from micro to mini and the keyboard does not work.
R24EXAE7DM9RV5	adjudicated	2	8/4/14<br />I bought this for my Yoga 2 Pro.<br />Pros<br /><br />It is easy to apply and the whole process took me around 20 minutes. If you do not get it perfectly on the first time you can try again. The hardest piece to get on is the keyboard piece. I really like the feel of it and the edges do not seem to dog ear and peal off.<br /><br />Cons<br />It seems to have many redundant pieces. I did not put the piece for the actual laptop screen on. I think that piece looks ugly, but that is personal preference. The bottom and back piece seem to peel where the laptop hinges are. I put a little piece of tape along the edge and it works fine. I would really like it that didnt happen for ascetic reasons, but i can live with it.
R1S4PPDJD0SAFF	adjudicated	1	Not as loud as I expected from powered speakers.
R1CPM97E16626V	adjudicated	2	This product worked great for a while, but then the printer broke. Not only that, but it only allows for 100 connections and when I was unable to upgrade to 200 users, I was unable to reach any kind of customer support and my emails went unanswered. Ultimately, I stopped using the product and replaced it with a different system after only 6 months.
RL1VRCSI33A84	adjudicated	3	I bought this adapter as a replacement for my daughter's L355-S7915 Toshiba laptop.  The original adapter had come apart at the edge of the stress relief for the laptop plug.  This one works perfectly fine to charge the laptop, but, despite being listed as a replacement for this laptop, it isn't what I would have chosen to use if I'd seen it in person before purchasing.  This is because, while the actual connector itself fits the laptop, and the adapter does charge the laptop as well as the old, the plastic shield around the connector is not the same diameter as the original.  It is actually smaller.  This is a problem because that plastic barrel fits into the outer edge of the laptop case's charging port, providing a snug fit that keeps the plug firmly in place.  With the smaller size of this replacement's connector, it actually wiggles around in the opening when plugged, and may be placing excess stress on the actual electrical connector inside the laptop.  Further, care has to be taken that it doesn't simply fall out of the laptop, as only the electrical connector is holding it in place, unlike with the factory original power supply plug.<br /><br />So, it works as intended to charge this laptop, and is relatively inexpensive. But it doesn't fit very securely into the laptop's charging port, so care must be taken when using it to ensure it stays connected and that the port doesn't become damaged.
R1XT9XEH5O5BDP	adjudicated	3	Looks pretty.Works as it should. Priced well. Touch function works well.  Somewhat slow(I guess OK for the price).  Touchgate with the three floating desktop screens is a dumb distraction and does not add any functionality.   WORST OF ALL,the pen writing in the tablet mode (which was the main reason I bought this tablet)DOES NOT WORK, as the palm touch input is not blocked.This NEEDS to be fixed, including updated software for those of us who bought it without knowing this serious deficiency.  And the User Manual (paper as well as oline) is virtually useless. Does not give any info or suggestions on using the various functions unique to this tablet.     CK
R2DS6W48LVQ9K	adjudicated	1	Contrary to the photos on this website, It does not extend far enough to support Nexus 7 in portrait position.
R2MOK75OH5F76X	adjudicated	2	If your hands hurt, stop working with the computer at your job, or reduce the amount of hours, otherwise this and other stuff like it, simply won't help.<br />In specific to this item, you'll have to use a good mouse pad, preferably all black, to get a precised mouse movement, otherwise tracking on table is not good at all with the existing beam it has.  Also important, it raises your wrist a-bit, and as said, if your hands hurt already, stop typing, stop mouse movements, reduce computer work hours, otherwise you'll seriously injure yourself. seriously.
RWIADOCMVZWHT	adjudicated	1	There are no problems with the reader but it didn't come with any cords to hook it into the USB drive. Guess I should have read the product information because I was under the impression that these types of things came with their own cords.
R1ICQ20ADQD2G8	adjudicated	1	Having used my original Kindle for over 2 years and being totally used to how it works, the new Paperwhite version doesn't work in most ways the same, or in my opinion as well.
R27V7AL26KWCCF	adjudicated	2	I needed something inexpensive for carrying in my backpack at university to make VOIP calls and these worked.  They're flimsy so I always keep them in the box them came in. The speakers got a little screwed up in terms of volume in a couple of months, but they're still usable.
RDAKLMZP7YKLS	adjudicated	1	It is nice, but the strap is not confortable, and you cannot put alot things inside
R2Z4KP9URU3622	adjudicated	2	Arrived and tested DOA. Tested it a few times with different testers, and all read DOA. Inside the PC, and outside. All read dead. So, I go to fill out an RMA slip and decide to test it one last time. Low and behold, it tested fine. I installed it again and the computer booted up fine. I guess we'll see how it goes. Kind of strange.<br /><br />Cords are shrouded which is nice.<br /><br />CPU PWR is a bit short in an Apevia Dreamer X4 case.
R3LP3HAO42U72X	adjudicated	2	The case just big enough to hold the LaCie portable drive.  I think it would be better if there was space to also store the cables along with the drive, then everything would stay together.
R2WQVRW9LG60K4	adjudicated	2	It's okay for 15 bucks. It definitely is NOT leather, but I didn't think it really would be at that price. It's bulkier than I would like. I really like my tab for reading books and this is a little cumbersome for that. I like all the sleeker, lighter options they have for the ereaders (Kindles, Nooks, etc.) but there just aren't as many options for the Galaxy tab. It does set up nice in the landscape view as an easel if you wanna watch movies or whatever, but as far as using it as a handheld device for reading, I'm hoping something thinner and better comes along.
R3TNEIUNGVCYT7	adjudicated	2	Toshiba has a very poor naming system for their tablets. This cover fits the Excite 10LE just fine. The Excite 10 is a different device altogether and this will not fit. The Amazon description is accurate and correct. Don't blame anyone, but yourself if you can't or won't read.<br /><br />All that said, this is a decent cover. It is a bit thick, which is a shame since the Excite 10 LE's claim to fame is it's thinness. The PU or bonded leather looks nice, but I'm concerned about its durability. I don't think you would want to get it wet. The stand function is very nice.
R1LWFLJ8HZGPUI	adjudicated	2	The cover itself is good - I like the auto on/auto off when you open and close it.  The stand part seems overly complicated.  I have to stop and think about it every time I try to use it - seems like it should be second nature by now.  It also collapses on itself sometimes - I think the magnets that are supposed to hold it together are not strong enough.  I think I would go with the cheaper basic cover over this one.
R2WYXQWG9DT8F	adjudicated	4	Just  got this bag and already have a couple of issues. If you don't keep a laptop or at least a tablet in the bag it will fall forward when you put it down. This bugs the crap out of me and may be a deal breaker. Also , for a bag well over a hundred dollars there are some very cheap feeling plastic parts on the bag. Mainly the clips on the buckles and the hardware holding the strap to the bag. The strap and pad on the bag feel pretty cheap also.    ** Ended up returning bag. The olive color shown is nothing like the actual color of bag, which  looks more like mint green, especially in daylight or fluorescent. Also for me it's a hassle to always have to unbuckle the flap to get at the pockets underneath. This in addition to it always falling over every time I put it down
R2M43ISUTYXXQ5	adjudicated	3	great fit, however, the entire portion that goes around the front, is not reinforced well enough so, that the frame wants to slip off the sides. its quite annoying. either the frame should be thicker around teh samsung screen, or wider, as in go into the black section of the screen more.
R2DULV7YFGJJWC	adjudicated	1	Could have been better. The material is not that great. Regardless its a good case. Its a little big for my 13 inch so dont expect tight fitting.
R30XEJGNGXLW4R	adjudicated	2	it crashes a lot.  Eventually it works again, but it definitely freezes up regularly.  otherwise it works fine -- good battery life, picture.
R3KG5WW3NOW159	adjudicated	2	I never realized it didn't have WiFi.  Not that it's a big deal.  I mostly have it for textbooks and manuals, but I thought WiFi sync would be a good to have feature.
R1HGMYOIYXPRXD	adjudicated	4	Pros:<br />1: Color- its darker than the picture shows<br />2: Came with a Keyboard cover<br />3: The Stand<br /><br />Cons:<br />1: Keyboard cover does not sit well on the keyboard. This causes typing to be a little difficult.<br />2: Corner on bottom shell keeps popping off.<br />3: Color of keyboard is a pastel color and doesn't match the shell<br />4:Bottom has two grippers on it to keep from sliding.<br /><br />Since the cover does not stay on and pops off a lot, I gave it 3/5 stars. I checked and this cover was supposed to fit my macbook. Other than that it's okay. It was cheap so you get what you pay for.
RZLCGJM7OKJWX	adjudicated	1	Pretty good, but the bluetooth keyboard lags behind your keystrokes. Otherwise, decent quality, esp for the price. Keyboard is very light as well.
R2M2XAKQG6DTD6	adjudicated	1	I like it, but I don't know why one corner won't snap into place.  The instructions indicate that all four corners won't, but something must be wrong with the design with this happens.  All my other cases have securely snapped into place...
ROOZW86SR3TYS	adjudicated	3	So far after 1 day it's been great. Using it as my primary internet source in a rural area with no cable or dsl available with a LG VL600 from Verizon. I had been using a laptop with internet connection sharing, plugged into my router. But then the laptop had to on 24/7 plugged into the router.   So far on the cradlepoint Ive gotten slightly faster d/l speeds than on the laptop using with verizon access manager, as high as 212k/second connecting at 3G, I never got over about 180k before. Our home is just outside 4G coverage. I can't comment on the built-in wireless, I have it disabled since I already have a wireless N network with GB wired, so I am basically using this for a USB modem to ethernet adapter.   Set up and configuration only took about 2 minutes, but remember it's easier to write down you default password off the bottom before you hook it up and plug it in.  Update: Now Ive had it for a week it's not as great. I have to keep rebooting it once a day or more, the internet will totally stop but according to the router, it's working fine. Only way to get it working is unplug it or reboot it from the management page. When I had the same modem on a laptop, it worked fine, never lost connection or had to reboot.
R2WW3M0N1P94ZP	adjudicated	1	It would be too much of a pain to return. Doesn't work at all with Galaxy S4. I should have read other reviews more carefully. After the company saw my review they refund my money. So I have to give them some credit.
R7U41V8HPTPF3	adjudicated	3	I bought one of these to replace the aging original from my coworker's macbook. While the battery fits and has identical performance to the original, the overall quality of the battery is lower. It doesn't fit smoothly into the battery compartment; you have feel the seams all around the edges. It is also slightly thicker than the original which means it sticks out a bit from the bottom of the notebook.<br /><br />PROs:<br /><br />1) Cheaper than the OEM from Apple<br />2) Same performance as OEM<br /><br />CONs:<br /><br />1) Does not fit perfectly<br />2) Slightly more bulky that original<br /><br />The price is approximately 60% of the OEM direct from Apple, so the question any buyer needs to ask themselves is if savings are worth the downside. If you are a very particular person, I'd suggest paying more for the perfectly fitting original. On the other hand if you don't feel like the negative factors I've described will bother you that much, go ahead and get one.
R3D2I9AGV74MGB	adjudicated	3	my friend has this system and it sounds pretty good. For 82 dollars you really cant go wrong, although with my pair the right output sounded like it wasn't preamped. Therefore when I turned it on it sounded out of balence and there was no difference in sound between the right speaker being plugged in and it not being pluggedin.<br /><br />Unlike speakers I have had in the past the sub volume control not only effects the volume of the subwoofer but also the amount of sub in the 2 satallites. Franky it could be really nice or really anoyying depending on how you like your sound. For me having the bass down means someone is sleeping, not that I want to void all things below a certain frequenzy.<br /><br />Pros: Price to sound, sounds pretty good overall. Its sub-w is small so it fits into smaller locations. The sub being only 20W makes it sound you can definitly hear all of the different frenquenzys of whatever you are doing without being anoyying if you are in a dorm room or live with alot of other people.<br /><br />Cons: The cords between speaker and sub are kindof short which makes it a little difficult to settup if u have more the one monitor, the stretch will be difficult. The audio 2 didn't work for me unless there is a special way of setting it up in which you can use it that I dont know of (in that case leave me a comment please).  Also that the right speaker was broken and a replacement had to be sent.<br /><br />Summary:<br />Its okay, but for the money you could probably get the same sound out of a logitech set althought it looks cool and does deliver sound. Im not a fan of the way the bass is adjusted from both sub-w and the top speakers alike.  Depending on your settup and your preference on sound, it could be just what you need. But for the more vivid gamers it lacks the punch, and the drop from your dubstep music :P
R3W4A1UREKMAMN	adjudicated	1	The first Marware Vibe case I got more times then not would not wake up my Kindle when I opened the lid.<br />So I returned it to Amazon which was so easy and they had me a new case the next day!!<br />This new one works fine and I love the quality and feel of the product.
RJJ7BHVW8GXA6	adjudicated	1	This does not work with windows 8.1 and above.
R1N761SCJH0CH4	adjudicated	2	I bought this for my mom because it was cheap... I knew she needed a small video camera to skype with us and I wanted something that was fairly low tech for her to plug it. She was able to get it all setup fine. The video quality isn't as good as what my iMac has on it, but its doing the trick until she gets a new computer.
RDI3LMK87UI57	adjudicated	1	it came with the disc tray thing disconnected. wtf.sho nuff....had to actually open it up...really?.was cool after that. not as fast as expected but thems the breaks
R3CG344CIIA6QR	adjudicated	2	The digitizer overall, was ok. I did end up cracking it while re-sealing the iPad. Didn't use too much force, but I could have pushed too hard. The plastic tools worked great. I ended up having to use my own screwdrivers though. The screwdrivers supplied were horrible( they were rounded and there was no point on them)
R39SW010921D1B	adjudicated	2	HIGH QUALITY-NEEDS HANDLE OF SORTS FOR ONE HAND USE. BLACK IS BEAUTIFUL, BUT QUITE INVISIBLE INSIDE THE HOUSE. I PREFER THE LATCH OF THE PAPERWHITE(MORE SECURE)
RN8N0UR7GTB2D	adjudicated	2	Overall, the bag is ok: no bad stitching or broken parts. The design is not so great. The only part that truly closes is the little zipper pocket on the outside. You have to be careful not to put anything small, loose and valuable inside the main bag, because it's just dividers in there. Also be careful the flap is secured to the straps. Stuff can easily fall out if the bag goes upside down. My other gripe is that it's really closer to 16&#34; wide. I wanted it just to hold my new iPad Air 2 but it's plenty big enough for a laptop... I feel like I'm totting  luggage. I was looking for a purse substitute that would hold a tablet, phone and my personal stuff ( wallet, lipstick, etc) but this isn't it. Too big and no zippers inside. Way bigger than 13&#34; wide.
R37SDN154H591F	adjudicated	4	I really liked this notebook cooler because of the cool design and its efficiency (worked well and very quiet).  However, it was too big for my 15\\" MacBook Pro.  The rubber feet on top were too far apart from each other and from the bottom rubber strip.  Also, the one I received was not perfectly flat.  There was a slight bump on the right side of the cooler, so one side of my laptop kept sliding, and I ended up returning the cooler.  I wish Zalman makes coolers specifically for Macs.
R80XUAGMD6GNT	adjudicated	2	I ordered this shoulder strap for my laptop bag to replace the original one that came with it which broke.  The hooks are strong and made of metal so they shouldn't break like plastic ones.  My only gripe is that the shoulder pad is too large and bulky as compared to other ones I have had in the past.  Overall it is a decent product.
R3B9PA7282TVE9	adjudicated	3	Re: Netgear DGND3300 - MPEG stream dropping     I just installed a Netgear DGND3300 wireless router/DSL modem. I have an IP webcam on my LAN, the webcam streaming video as MPEG.  The DGND3300 keeps dropping the MPEG stream. I get about 40 seconds of the stream before it stops (leaving the browser screen with the last video frame, and no more sound).  It's not clear what is causing the stream to be interrupted, but the Westell router/DSL modem I was using previously did not have this problem.    Apart from the above, the DGND3300 seems to be working well.  The setup was very easy.  I was hoping to see a speed increase on my MacBook Pro when going to 802.11n, but Speakeasy's speed test does not indicate any significant change.
R398VOYKMAUO0X	adjudicated	2	I got these for my Dell Venue 8 Pro. The charger port does not work for charging it. The two regular usb ports are nice for connecting an ethernet adapter and a wireless keypad-mouse combination device. Hopefully I will find something like this that also has a working charger port.
RR11RNWCRJ332	adjudicated	1	This mount is plenty heavy duty for the two 22 inch monitors I have attached.  It's fairly easy to make quick, minor adjustments, but the entire system (not the post on which the arms attach) hangs to the one side with no way to properly adjust or compensate.  It's functional as is, but every time I sit/stand at my adjustable height desk, my OCD begs for me to figure out a way to straighten the monitor arms.
R2S3I0JYCNGGKJ	adjudicated	2	Just got this case today and wish I had read these reviews a little more closely before ordering.  The case is a good value for the money,  but as others have indicated here there are some usability issues with usability. First of which is the strip of leather above the home button interferes with any application being used in landscape mode that has onscreen controls just above the home button such as in the Outlook application. Additionally, as others have stated the back cover attaches only at the hinge side and  when using the handhold is somewhat saggy and loose feeling. Overall the case fits very well and seems to be of good quality.  With on 2 minor design changes this would be an unbeatable case for the price.
RLWTBBLTXDZED	adjudicated	2	I bought two of these to replace the cords that came with the ASUS netbooks my children use.  They worked great - for about 4 months.  Then they shorted out, both of them.  I think that for the cost they did a good job but they aren't shaped exactly like the ones that came with the netbook and the way the plug fits into the jack on the computer it just sits awkwardly and they don't last.
R2PASOZLF8XNQO	adjudicated	1	PRICE WAS RIGHT. BUT EVEN OUT OF THE BOX THE CHARGE ONLY LASTED 60 MINUTES. GUESS YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR WITH THIS PURCHASE. CHEAP PRICE WORKS MOST TIME, BUT NOT WITH THIS PRODUCT.
R3M6BFX1RF521T	adjudicated	1	Case is good over all but the stand function does not work as depicted and is functionally unusable. If you do not care about the stand function I would rate this as a good buy.
R2AVNTM43QCTH	adjudicated	2	***WARNING***  There is a problem with this specific product redirecting users from Facebook to Myspace.  It may be an attempt to steal user's information, or it could be a non-threatening \\"bug\\" with the system's software.  You can search \\"WRT160N Facebook Myspace\\" for more information on this issue.  (This sounds like a weird glitch, but unfortunately it is not a joke.)    An update to the firmware may solve the product.  If you are comfortable updating the firmware, then buy this product.  Otherwise, avoid at all cost.    The pros: Cheap price (I got it with free shipping, came to roughly $30 total), runs fast, sleek design.    The cons: Again, the firmware upgrade is absolutely necessary.    Who is this for?  If you are comfortable upgrading your firmware, this is for you.
R1WDPUKPP9TL59	adjudicated	1	I love the idea of this because I want to be able to float in my pool and read my book but when it is in the sun it gets very soft and sticks to Kindle so when you are trying to get in there to turn it off and on, it is a little cumbersome.  It does protect your Kindle though so it does it's job....
R2S5X3RJDJ6VJU	adjudicated	4	The positives:<br /><br />The 1080p IPS screen is genuinely semi-mat & similar in quality to previous IPS screens I have had on high end laptops. No noticeable stuck or dead pixels. Reflections are noticeable but not obtrusive in a bright room ( but much less than the Macbook Pro Retina screen which is still quite reflective & unusable to my eyes). Minus points for being widescreen 16x9 ratio though. 16x10 is still better for browsing & photo editing.<br /><br />Speakers are sufficiently loud and clear for watching a movie in a quiet room but not really loud enough for party music.<br /><br />The keyboard is quite usable with reasonable key travel & little keyboard flex though they do wobble a bit. From a low angle when lying in bed the led's under the backlit keys shine in your eyes. Thankfully the keyboard lights can be switched off.<br /><br />Negatives:<br /><br />As shipped the DB71 comes with 4GB of RAM and an old fashioned Hard Drive making it a bit sluggish in use. Doesn't feel much faster than my old XP Netbook in regular use.<br />Thankfully the ram is user upgradable & after upgrading it to the max of 10GB, windows seems much snapper. With faster SSD drives dropping in price that will be my next upgrade, should really be standard though.<br /><br />Screen Backlight bleed. you can see the leds along the bottom edge of the screen in dark scenes & can move the bleeding by sliding your finger along the very flexible bezel.<br /><br />The bottom cover flexes and if something heavy where placed on it it feels like it would deform. 1st Notebook I have had that gives me concern it would not survive sitting on the bottom of my carry on bag.<br /><br />the large right angled Power connector feels like an accident waiting to happen & could snap if caught at the wrong angle. Hoping someone comes up with a third party connector or extension cable.<br /><br />the WiFi has lower signal strength & is slower by 40% than my 3 year old Compaq Mini Netbook on 2.4ghz frequency.  Luckily my home router has 5ghz support & I was able to improve throughput by using that instead.
R328TKILFMHEWX	adjudicated	2	This was my second screen after the first came with a crack in it. MLC & Amazon were great about the return (as they should be considering I RARELY return anything) but I'm disappointed because of the false advertising. Both screens that came stated SPECIFICALLY that this was a GLOSSY screen...it isn't. Neither of them were! They had the audacity to have a sticker on the packaging stating it was glossy but it is easy to tell that it's not. The replacement screen is of good quality and works fine but the deception about being glossy is not acceptable.
RAJO9TQGZU1WT	adjudicated	2	I bought three of these, one for me and two for gifts.  Both gift recipients have reported that the stylus works very well, just as mine does for me.<br /><br />For me, the main reason to get a stylus was to reduce the need for frequent screen cleaning.<br /><br />The only thing that the stylus can't do, of course, is multifinger gestures.<br /><br />It works very nicely with painting programs where I feel like I'm painting with a brush.<br /><br />When not in use, I clip it to my iPad's case, and so it is always available when needed.<br /><br />Update: Eventually the capacitance -- I guess it is -- seems to wear out, and the iPad screen no longer responds predictably to the motion of the stylus.  One other person I know has had the same experience.
R3OR38IQW2E3K8	adjudicated	2	The product fits and works well,was delivered on time, price was ok. However they delivered a screen with a small white spot.This is clearly not a prime product. They should say that in their presentations. The problem is almost irrilevant as we assemble the screen in a used notebook, however this will make me more suspicious with future purchasing. Normally I could give the part back and get back my money, but this is not what I want. I need to get a product as offered.
RQ69DD4ON6I9M	adjudicated	3	The sound quality is decent for these little speakers.  But don't expect anything over-powering.  Not sure if I like the automatic power-off feature yet.  It's nice because I like to completely power my electronics off at night.  However, I can go 20-30 minutes without having sound hit the speakers when i am online and so then reactivate them every time this occurs.<br />The wireless Bluetooth was very disappointing.  I have to imagine there are better options in a similar price range that would have included the transponder in case the computer failed to connect with blue tooth (which occurred with 2 of out 3 internet devices).  Not a good percentage.  Grant it, it was clear a transponder was not included and I did not do a lot of trouble shooting but I am fairly technical and could not remedy the issue in the 30-40 minutes I spent with each device trying to figure out why the Blue Tooth would not find the speakers.  The only successful device was the IPhone.  The link button would be blinking but these two devices would not connect. So now, I still have a less than 6 month old laptop computer without sound beyond the laptop speakers and 'gamer laptop' that has to manually plug the 'wireless' speakers in, which defeats the whole 'wireless' sales point.  Before I wrote this review I had 4 stars chosen above, but after proof-reading this its certainly not worth 4 stars, I gave it 3...
R2T8JFHFE5ZX1P	adjudicated	1	I purchase this battery for my Dell XPS M1330 and for the price it was very reasonable compared to a battery purchase from Dell.  Battery will last approx 1 1/2 hour only but that is ok considering the price.  It does not last as long as advertise but you get what you pay for.  If you are a traveler and require more battery life then you need to purchase the battery from Dell otherwise this one will suit you fine.
R20P5TB0GO4JIA	adjudicated	3	This fan looks good, comes with nice mounting and power accessories, and moves a lot of air quietly.<br /><br />That is until you mount it and it starts whining. I found this fan to be more annoying than a old school delta black label fan. Out in the open it is quiet but as soon as it is up near the case vents it starts making a really annoying noise.<br /><br />I have a Cooler Master HAF X case. I removed the dust filter mesh from the top and sides of the case. I tried using the spacers that came with the fan and also tried using other spacers to increase the gap. Increasing the gap just changed the noise and did not make it go away.<br /><br />It made noise mounted in the door. It made noise mounted in the top. When in the top it rubbed on the support bar. I had to use other spacers there too to get it up high enough to not rub on the bar.<br /><br />None of the Cooler Master fans had these problems. I think it is because the blades are so close to being the same as the frame thickness on this fan.<br /><br />Follow-up: I really didn't like this fan at first and gave it 2 stars. I ended up finding some nuts that fit the screws that attached the fan to the case. I used them as spacers to get the fan up further above the case frame. It is now quieter and the sound is in line with the other Cooler Master fans. I'll put the rating up to OK because it sounds OK now but it was a lot of work getting it to be OK in my system.
R3Q881DHVDP83	adjudicated	0	bien
R2U2XLLKLHOW05	adjudicated	1	Just from my personal experience, this drve is slow on every computer I have tried it on. Laptops, Desktops, Etc. But its fast on my smartphone.
R1QHRT5J95XBBV	adjudicated	2	OMG! We were SHOCKED by how bright LIME GREEN this color was. But that is OUR fault... didn't realize how NEON - Neon Green would be. Just to bright for teenage son who was wanting olive green. Solution... spray paint camo style. A matching blue case bought for my daughter was not very sturdy... the green one wasn't used long enough, as we found a better color one before this one had a chance to fall apart as his sister's matching blue one did in just a few months of HEAVY teen-age abuse.
R3IIG6JY559KYX	adjudicated	4	what initially got me into the portege series was the aesthetic. it has a very simple and clean look. I'm not exactly tech savvy as I don't keep up with all the latest processors and whatnot, but for all the praise and hype about the new Sandy Bridge processors, this laptop seems decently quick. doesn't blow me away compared to my several years-old core duo desktop or even my 1-2 year-old, $500 toshiba satellite. overall, I like it a lot because it's big enough that hopefully it won't give me carpel tunnel syndrome, but small enough for easy mobility, which is good for a student.<br /><br />since I'm not doing any hardcore computing and just using it for a few basic functions like browsing, streaming movies, programming, etc, it satisfies me (but then again I think any computer in this day an age could pull those tasks off). unfortunately, even for those basic functions there are a few issues that Toshiba can improve on:<br /><br />1) the keyboard keys CLACK... really loudly. typing in the library or in class will probably stir up a ruckus. clackity clackity clack. not that big of a deal though, I guess.<br /><br />2) I don't know where everyone is getting all these claims about a 9 hour battery life (even cnet said they were able to get something like 7 hours in their tests) when I'm running the laptop in 'eco' mode with 77% battery life left and only 4 hours and 11 minutes of claimed life left. a second later, I have 76% batter life left but only 3 hours and 41 minutes left??? I'm only on my battery's second charge but I've been noticing these really sporadic projections and it's really annoying.<br /><br />3) the track pad straight up sucks. I'm not a fan of mac at all, but when my girlfriend had her 13.3\\" macbook, one of the things I found coolest was how easy it was to surf the net. the 2 finger scroll feature they had was super cool and some other functions included: three finger swipe up to open a new tab, three finger swipe down to close a page, three finger swipe left to go 'back' and right for forward, two finger tap to function as a right click [extremely useful]. comparatively, you can't really set any three finger functions to your own liking, the two finger scroll is really jittery - if it manages to detect your fingers there is no sensitivity and can go insane and jump entire pages at any given moment. overall it's pretty frustrating to use the multi-finger features.<br /><br />4) could be a part of gripe #3, but the two clicker buttons for the track pack are stiff. I like to use the tap function because my thumb would probably get sore if I used the clicker too much. yes, it is that stiff.<br /><br />other than that, it's really light and powerful enough that I can use it without getting frustrated and just looks awesome which is good enough for me. I would give this laptop 5 stars otherwise and while a 2-star deduction might seem harsh, I feel these basic attributes could have easily been included and are prerequisites to just being a decent laptop. I mean, how expensive could it be to develop and include a good track pad?? overall, laptop seems sturdy and reliable and I'm looking forward to using it<br /><br />update: an issue with the r705 series was that the fans would get really loud or that the laptop would get hot, but for either case, toshiba has remedied the problem on this model. the laptop stays extremely quiet even after I have been using it for 6 hours with just one break. it does warm up when in my lap on top of a blanket, but on a desk it doesn't heat up at ALL.<br /><br />4/25 I've had the laptop for two or three weeks now but since it's my backup/extra I'm really taking care of it and haven't used it that much yet. Mostly for school and not for browsing/videos pretty much. But one thing I noticed today was a little clacking noise that's from the chrome hinge, which is loose. I have no idea how it could have gotten loose as I've used the laptop probably less than a total of 7 times and it's onlybeen handled with the utmost care. REALLY annoying because for a $900 laptop, this really shouldn't be an issue.a $900 laptop, this really shouldn't be an issue.
R2LB5GRU8DWQ5K	adjudicated	2	when i received it looked brand new with the protective covering stuck to the sides. however when i peeled them off it had scratches on it already and was obviously not new. other than that it works great, hasn't melted like some of the other ones i've seen here. the indicator light never fully goes off though.
R6Y77EWHGZHWQ	adjudicated	2	Nice case, fits well and not heavy or bulky. Cute, too.  Edited Sept. 2015: I noticed in July that the fake leather of the case was cracking where it folds open, now in September its completely cracked and only the fabric backing is holding it together so it wobbly. I'll be needing to get a new case. I'd hoped this would last longer than six months.
R2OBYZJEPV9XKI	adjudicated	4	I got this in the cyber monday lightning deal that went sold out in a few seconds and let me say that I wouldn't have been too disappointed if I had missed the deal now that I got this thing on my hand for a few days. First of all the screen is a bit too small for my taste and I didn't realize until after the purchase that amazon was selling the 1024x600 version not the 720p version that has been in most review. Second, the Windows 7 is slow, which is nothing new, but apparently I had expected a responsiveness closer to a smart phone, and Windows smart phone is not at all that fast by the way. I have a great suspicion that 2GB memory instead of the non-upgradeable 1GB could have made a great deal of difference in this manner. However, a mixed curse with Windows 7 Starter will limit the number of applications open at a time to total of 3 so 1GB is probably never going to be a problem just because of this self-imposed crippling of the OS. In this respect to the non-upgradeable memory, running full-blown WindowsXP is probably going to shoot you in the foot more than the Windows7 Starter. But on the good part the TV reception is great and the software works, albeit slow to respond in changing channels. Youtube video runs smoothly but since the screen is so short I found myself having to go full screen most of the time instead of watching within the window. The shortness of the screen also makes most of the real estate consumed by the toolbars in the browser to be very annoying, except for Chrome which barely has anything on the top. I guess if I had laid my hand on this item before I purchased it I wouldn't have been too eager to click on the lightning deal, but for the price I don't think I could claim it as a terribly poor machine although I would gladly spring another $100 for the larger resolution and 2GB memory and then it would be just perfect. For now, this is great as a quick companion for emergency use on the road when the regular laptop is just a bit too muchhassle to lug around.
R1D1LU09QFEVQD	adjudicated	1	It worked well but it sticks out a decent bit and I broke it quickly
R2OX3P57B36ATY	adjudicated	2	If you do graphics or need precision touch control this isn't for you. If you use the ipad like 90% of the population this is a great case. But be aware that the screen protector design causes the touch sensitivity to change and sometimes not register swipes or touches properly. When trying to scroll in some situations it will instead register as a click (touch). The screen protector may show little dots in the sunlight etc... The case is top notch the only negative is the screen protector part.
R1PKZ4DB856UK9	adjudicated	2	I assume that this product does what it states it should do and has a couple of very useful features. 1. I can enter numbers directly into the computer or I can put it into calc mode, do the math, and then send the results to the computer. It also has a memory function like a regular calculator 2. I can use the Num Lock to navigate around the computer screen.<br />  I would love the product, but it has two huge flaws. 1. As almost every reviewer has stated, it falls asleep. I also ask the question: WHY? It happens so often that it makes the product almost useless. I can always get it to turn back on, but I haven't learned yet which key to push. If it is going to go into sleep mode, I should be able to awake it by touching any key. 2. It is too small. Think of this as a calculator, not a keypad. I cannot comfortablely use it the way I can a keypad because the keys are too close together.<br />  I do need a keypad. I wish I had ordered something else, but I doubt it is worth paying the shipping cost of having it returned.
R294CTCUK957FC	adjudicated	2	I recently received and installed these speakers.  Sound is OK but nothing great.  I really just needed them for work since my laptop is used in a docking station so you can't hear much from the speakers on it while it is docked.  I will say that I have a pair of Creative SBS 380 speakers (also 2.1 configuration) that sound MUCH better and only cost me $3 additional.  I wanted to get another pair of the Creative speakers but they are no longer being made apparently and Amazon did not have any of the lower priced Creative models that looked half decent.  In any event, I am fine with what I got.<br /><br />One negative - shipping time on these speakers was AMAZINGLY long!  I hate to complain too much because I used the free Super Saver method for shipment.  In the past, everything that I have ordered via this method on Amazon has shipped within about a week at the most.  It took these speakers almost 4 WEEKS from order date to ship.  I was not very happy about that but this is not Logitech's fault of course.
R18BK5YZ2GF7AC	adjudicated	1	This card is an absolute beast at pumping out graphics, and at a great price with a lot of room to over clock. Unfortunately, for whatever reason, mine regularly refuses to display anything on my screen when I turn on my computer. This can be solved by unplugging the card, then reinserting it, but it is quite annoying to half disassemble my rig every time I want to boot. I'm not sure if this is an anomaly with my rig, but for now, this is a big flaw in an otherwise fabulous card.
R3ULIRBHM2IHZ0	adjudicated	3	This keyboard works OK to some degree with its limited number of features. It has one major flaw - it can only be used on a desktop. It is inconceivable that no provision is available to secure the tablet to the keyboard. The tablet simply sits in a keyboard slot where the slightest nudge will dislodge it with the very real possibility of falling and becoming damaged. I use a PC at home and purchased this tablet and keyboard to take on the road to various events such as the Georgia International Horse park to watch the horses do their thing. I also expected to be able to place it in a shopping cart such as at a grocery store where I can see my shopping list. No can do.<br /><br />If all you need is a firm desktop space on which to set down your tablet and if you do not require hardly any convenient features then this may be right down your alley. But if you plan to use it on the road then it would be to your advantage to get a better keyboard.
RR0Z311HHOBMY	adjudicated	2	Neat product. Doesn't hold its connection real well with my LG bluetooth headphones though.    Edit:  The folks at Plugable contacted me immediately to see if they could help resolve my issue from above.  Sam sent out a replacement product and it works flawlessly.  Stellar customer service that is above and beyond what you could hope for from such a small company.  Buy with confidence from Sam and his crew.  They're the real deal.
RDHB4F1BHMYQL	adjudicated	3	I really enjoy using my new Kindle Touch and now understand why so many avid readers are buying kindles.  The Kindle touch downloads books quickly and the response time for new menus and pages is great.  It is also is very user friendly, setting up an account to purchase books so easy and registering the kindle was simple. There are so many free books and excellent novels under $1.00.  However I wonder if I bought the right Kindle for me.  1st complaint is that I can't read in bed (no backlight)  2nd complaint is that I bought the Kindle with the Offers and Sponsored Screensavers and find that kind of annoying.  I haven't decided if it is worth putting up with the annoyance as it is $30 cheaper than a Kindle touch without the offers.  I understand that I can opt out of the Screensavers and that Amazon will kindly charge me $30 dollars.  3rd complaint is that the text to speech feature is poor as the computer generated voice frequently mispronounces words and doesn't seem to know much about punctuation.  My final complaint is about the audio books.  They are very expensive and do not allow you to follow along with the story as it is being read.  So yes I like the Kindle, but there are many improvements that can be made.
R3BTFJUFF3F00S	adjudicated	2	Really good keyboard.  May take a little to adjust if all you have every used is a standard keyboard.  Because of the length your muscle memory on certain keys takes you to places where this keyboard would be different.  But after a week of gaming my brother and sister all adapted to it and pressing the wrong keys is no longer a problem.  I downloaded the software which gave me a little problem that turned off my keyboard.  I read a few things online and got my keyboard working again and the software working a well.
R3S9NDV31MTITD	adjudicated	1	For the price I guess I couldn't ask for more. I bought this for my daughter so she can have a little tablet, but honestly it's slow. My Galaxy S II is faster and more reliable. I wouldn't buy this again. Next time I buy a tablet, I'll just cough up the money and get the Galaxy TAB.
R365XO78XY5QSC	adjudicated	1	The sides do not seal shut on the edges. Other than that it's a good case. Got it for a nexus 7 2013
R2ZK4402RXEYZI	adjudicated	1	I originally bought this for my kids' kindles.  The first set was defective. I was sent a replacement set by the vendor and they are stronger.  I wish the plastic plug covers were more solid.
R3VBGZ6HLSC6JB	adjudicated	2	These are PC3 10700 (667 MHz) that are certified to clock to 800 MHz. I bought these to add to a pair of already installed CMZ16GX3M2A1600C10. I mistakenly thought that the CML16GX3M2A1600C10 would be the same memory with the only difference being low-profile versus high-profile heat spreaders. The CMZ16GX3M2A1600C10 is true PC3 12800 (800 MHz), but this memory is not. I added this low-profile memory so the last slot would not interfere with my CPU cooler fan.  Fortunately both pairs work together fine at 800 MHz in dual-channel mode on my ASRock Extreme6 motherboard. It just seems like false advertising though.
R1LQAPYNY4J55Q	adjudicated	3	This case as two problems. The first is the tiny tool provided to press the reset and  power buttons. I bought two of these cases so far and I've already lost one. Second, the case doesn't really stay together; the snaps are barely noticeable. I bought the case so I could carry the BBB around in my bag, but I won't be doing that with this case...
R2F2JK61JQT3IA	adjudicated	1	I should have read this one more carefully.. I thought this was a silicon skin. Turns out i just paid 30 dollars for 2 stickers.  Can't believe I just did this.<br />I guess it still looks okay, the stickers are much darker than in the photo though.
R5LK234URVQU	adjudicated	1	Lid cover fits tight.  Bottom does not fit tight.  The snap on tabs on the back corners do not snap in place.  Since the bottom does not fit tight I had to remove the handle because the bottom would come off if I carried by the handle.
R31X6B8AT21CLN	adjudicated	1	I really like the book bag but the seam came apart slightly after light use. It was five months after purchase.
R309HH0J2O47DM	adjudicated	2	This screen protector did install better than any other. However, there is a grid/matrix of tiny dots. This is very noticeable when the screen is off or when using apps with white backgrounds(amazons app for example). I found thes dots too distracting to overcome. Therefore, it's going back.<br /><br />I think the first objective of any screen protector should be to have minimal impact on the screen appearance and performance. This protector doesn't do that we'll.
R1BQ3YC0RXXQIA	adjudicated	1	Eh- the mouse works well, I'll say that. I've had it less than 4 hours and have already determined my thumb is either way too fat or they designed this mouse horribly, as the forward and back button rub against it constantly. The programmable buttons only work once youve activated them from the UI, they do not automatically work on system startup. All in all, rather disappointed with it.
R2TNECIR3PNTTY	adjudicated	1	Search bar distorts the words, hate that
R3541WS4UC2AJT	adjudicated	4	The Core i3 processor in this Acer chromebook makes it a great user experience. The notebook is the right size.<br /><br />The screen leaves something to be desired, specially for off-angle viewing. And the build quality is indicative of the price point. The keyboard is pretty abysmal.<br /><br />I would really like a chromebook that doesn't compromise on build quality, specially the keyboard. Add to that a quality ~11&#34; touchscreen display. Put a Core i3 or one of the new Core M processors in there along with 4GB or 8GB of memory. And you have a chromebook that you will want to use.<br /><br />The Lenovo Thinkpad Yoga Chromebook 11e delivers on most of this I think - everything but the processor.
R1HEVUCY3YUBNX	adjudicated	2	I had to order two of these because after some time the first one didn't fit right anymore. The first one stretched out so that the keys dont align properly, and it made it hard to type. I ordered a second one because it was much cheaper at the time and i thought i would try it again. I really like the look of the product, because it matches the colors of the iMac perfectly, i don't know why Apple is still using the white keyed keyboard, as it looks outdated. The second one that i ordered is holding up quite well, and cleans very easily.  However once again, the keys are starting to become misaligned in the bottom right corner. Other than that its fine.
R2BNLJ6D88AWC1	adjudicated	1	It's my fault for not checking compatability.  After installing and being unable to boot, I called tech support.  They said that their High Density RAM is not compatable with my motherborad.  I should have purchased low density RAM.  Grrrr.  I didn't know that density was a thing to check for.  Tech support was good.  They answered on the first ring.
R15V7MC32Q3FET	adjudicated	5	This is my update to my earlier review in which I noted that this &#34; tablet began deleting newly installed apps on reboot after a system update and this continued after a factory reset. Others cite the same problem at postings on the Lenovo Community website under the headings 'Idea Tab A8-50 (A5500) paid apps won't install' and 'applications won't install'. Eventually another user posted the fix on the Lenovo Community website which required installing the beta version of the Google Play Store software (at the time, not yet released on the Google Play Store) from a geek site that had the beta version. Neither Lenovo nor Google would acknowledge the problem leaving A8-50 owners on their own. This did fix the problem described in my first review. So with this fix, it's a decent tablet. Nice screen size, decent resolution, decent sound. Its biggest limitations are: 1.) its limited memory (16 gb). 2.) There is at least one Lenovo App installed that Norton has rated as a high security risk, a problem similar to that found recently on other Lenovo products.  3.) Lenovo still has not released an Android OS update, so the A8-50 runs Kit Kat rather than Lolipop, putting the OS several generations back. 4.) In that it's own software is a security risk, a somewhat antagonistic relationship with its customers. Because Lenovo still has not updated the OS, I can not recommend this tablet. Still, a decent tablet for the kids.
R2OIL5XD9GIGKB	adjudicated	2	I am so conflicted here. I LOVED this e-reader. I bought it to compare with the Voyage and found that for the cost of the Voyage, the Paperwhite was worth the purchase over the Voyage. I used it for about a week which was all I could stand as it had two blown pixels. I returned it for a 2nd. The second came with a blown pixel. I returned that one and will wait for the next generation. I'm really disappointed as I loved the reader, but the blown pixels were just too distracting and the Voyage is just too expensive and has nothing that the average reader would be bothered by. I actually preferred the color of the Paperwhite to the color of the Voyage. The Voyage was less white as I found the color of the Paperwhite to be much easier to read at all brightness levels. The Paperwhite has fewer lights at the bottom, so there are small gray (hardly noticeable unless pointing them out) compared to the Voyage. I would totally buy this again if the blown pixel thing could not happen.
R2HXOGDN3TK4SV	adjudicated	3	I've got this monitor sitting next to my main monitor, which is hardware-calibrated for accurate color. In just a few words, the AOCs color looks like total crap. They've injected the monitor with a lot of excess blue to make it appear sharper and more vibrant. Television manufacturers do this to try to get in edge on competition while on-display in the store. The difference is that with TVs and non-DisplayLink monitors you can neutralize those artificial colors after you buy them. Not so here. This monitor cannot be calibrated, nor can you truly adjust the brightness (you can download programs that overlay some grey on your screen to mimic lowering the brightness). SO. If you have the option of a non-usb powered monitor instead of this, go for it. If you need it to be USB for portability, it's pretty decent at getting the job done. Just don't think about editing photos or doing any color or contrast sensitive work on it.
R2UG3E6DHB7WNX	adjudicated	1	This is the second asus I had die on me within a week of getting it. The first showed up sorta DOA (repeated blue screens of death out of the box). ASUS is usually really good but 2 dud's in a row so I'm looking elsewhere for my next gaming machine.
R2AJSDV6CT19HG	adjudicated	3	I like the portability and the ink is decent on the eyes.  Another thing I like is that when I purchase a book, I have it immediately and without a shipping charge.  There are a couple of things I don't like.  I still have difficulty getting it to connect to my hidden wireless network.  Tech support spent a good deal of time with me trying to make this work, but most of the time I still have to broadcast my network in order for the Kindle to connect.  My wife has a Nook and it doesn't have this problem.  I didn't like the fact that the Kindle was advertised at $69, but then I found that this price is good only if I wanted advertising, so I I ended up spending more.  I felt that this was deceptive and it should have been advertised at the actual price without the advertising.  I did not like that a power adapter and a cover cost another $20 for each.  In total, that's almost half again as much as the Kindle costs.  I felt that those should be included in the price.  Although I did have to buy a cover for my wife's Nook, it came with a power adapter and no advertising.  Also, I bought the Kindle because there are some trading books that are only available on the Kindle.  However, when these books have graphs, the detail is difficult to see on the Kindle, especially for someone my age.  For text reading, it is okay.  I'm still inclined to buy fiction novels in hard copy though.  Maybe I'll try a novel on the Kindle to see if I can get used to it.  Basically though, it does what it is advertised to do.
RXJRHLU1EGHXD	adjudicated	1	I purchased this item thinking that it would be a small, pocketable device.  (As of this posting, there are no measurements included in the details section of the seller's page, so I assumed it was about the size of a regular USB.)  When it arrived, it was HUGE -- easily four times as big as I'd been expecting.  As a rough estimate, think &#34;almost the size of two golf balls&#34; big.<br /><br />Apart from the sizing issue, it looks like it does in the picture, and I'm sure it functions fine (though if you're on a laptop where the USB port is close to the table/desk, the width of the cork could get in the way of plugging it in).  However, I will be sending it back in favor of getting something smaller.
R2XIVPO3S5VPLB	adjudicated	4	Pros:   I don't think you'll find a better budget KVM switch. It is very easy to setup. The software is quite simple; very basic/no frills.  Exactly what I expect from a something in this price range. The KVM switch itself is not cheap looking by any means. It's made of good quality plastic and the cables that are sent with it are pretty good too. It takes about 2-4 seconds to switch between PCs. Quite acceptable from a USB KVM switch. If this were a PS2 connection I'm sure it'd be much faster.    Cons:   It looks like it was designed to be smaller and take up less space, however because of the positioning of the ports the cables make this thing about 4-6 inches in diameter. I would have preferred it be wider and all the ports be in the back. Also, there is no way to mount it to a surface. So you're stuck with leaving it laying on your desk with the wires going everywhere. You could leave it laying behind your desk but I like using the buttons on top of it versus the keyboard. It also does not work well with my Logitech MX300 mouse. The scroll wheel works intermittently. All other features on my mouse work fine including middle mouse button click via the scroll wheel. I contacted tech support on through their online help desk. Their responses were professional but did take a few hours. They could not offer me any solutions and suggested I try a different mouse. A microsoft optical mouse works just fine. While they did not offer to fix the KVM they told me I would need to purchase a different mouse.  No big deal, I need a new one anyway. :)    Summary:  Despite the mouse problems and the mediocre port design this is a very good budget KVM. It suits my needs and gets the job done efficiently. The age old question to the salesman is \\"Would you recommend one to your parents?\\".  Yes, indeed I would.
R2XDFZNWTV601G	adjudicated	2	I really like the built in light feature and the lightweight of the paperwhite. I thought the battery would last longer than six days. I believe it was advertised to last up to two to three weeks.
R2Q2QGT62HZY9D	adjudicated	1	It doesn't fit perfectly as the old one did.
R17XO0LEPCLV7C	adjudicated	1	I have other Twelve South products--a Book Book for my Mac and one for the iPhone--I've used this stand for about a year and, for the most part, it functions okay. That being said, it has a obvious lean to it now and wobbles when I adjust my Mac. For $70 I expected a lot more from this stand. I wound up lowering the stand and tweaking one of the arms up to keep my screen level.<br />Definitely won't be buying one of their stands again. Sorry Twelve South!
R1KWAS3QJQ3QSS	adjudicated	2	The USB connectors on this expansion dock worked just fine.  But the video connector only allowed the same resolution and form factor for an external monitor as the laptop screen.  If your external monitor has the same resolution and form factor as your laptop screen, it should work fine.  My external monitor had a different form factor and so the image on the external monitor didn't fill the whole monitor screen.  Be sure to get updated drivers from the Kensington web site.
R3S7HJ8DRISXY	adjudicated	2	First, I can say that this is the best bluetooth interface to my stereo system that I can find at a reasonable price.  It is simple and easy to setup so that I can feed music to my stereo or listen to it wirelessly.    I stream music to this device from my ipod bluetooth interface (A125s).  I listen to music from my stereo via this device using my bluetooth headset (BT620s).  This device paired easily and consistently keep the pairings.  Connection to the A125s dropped occasionally during music playing but only for a short time and not enough to be annoying yet.    Now, for the bad part.  The audio lag is very noticeable and is at a varying amount.  This make playing games like Guitar Hero almost impossible if you are keeping rhythm by listening to the music.  On GH4 (World Tour), there is an audio calibration that can help compensate for the lag but I still have problem due to fluctuation in the delay.  GH3 has no such calibration so I can't play any songs beyond the easy mode when using this device.    I should note here that the audio lag may be a common problem with all bluetooth audio devices.  There are three devices in the loop here (my stereo system, the bluetooth gateway and the bluetooth headphone) and each of them probably contributes to this problem in someway.    Overall, it is a good device to have.  The audio lag is a big let down for me but for others, this issue is probably not a big deal.
R1MI9YULWATCX8	adjudicated	2	Although it's described to work for both the wifi and 3G first generation iPad, the assembly lacks the built-in 3G antenna on the frame.  Hence it does not allow proper signal transmission, and not exactly compatible with the 3G model.  In conclusion, the frame fits nicely and the screen works great, but at the sacrifice of 3G performance.  Yes everything fits together but this model is really meant to replace the first generation wifi iPad, and not the universal assembly the seller claimed in the description.
R36YPLE6U5GAE9	adjudicated	1	I love everything about it except that the on off switch and volume controls are on the back of the device instead of on the side like my Kindle Reader.  The cover I have for it is a generic one so it does not accommodate the controls on the back. I have not purchased a Kindle cover, but may have to as it's difficult to turn off and on.
R1RK5AZB8WLP8O	adjudicated	1	They were just okay, wish they were a little longer. The rubber part doesn't seem to hold up long when using it with Kindle.
RVTT8WK9YN8DP	adjudicated	2	I bought one of these to go with my 2014 Mac Pro.  I read the reviews and questions indicating that it did, in fact, work with OS X.  After plugging it in, I can confirm that it works out of the box, in the sense that you can open FaceTime or other video apps, the camera lights up, and you can see the video.<br /><br />However, the driver support is minimal at best. While it probably works fine if you are just recording yourself, Facetime calls have a pronounced echo on the other side of the call that cannot be removed.  As my main task for the webcam is video conferencing, I had to return it and go for the C930e.<br /><br />So if you have a mac and aren't going to do any video conferencing, this seems like a great webcam to get.  There are two apps you can get through the app store that give you some control over it. One is free and produced by Logitech called &#34;Logitech Camera Settings&#34;, and the other is &#34;Webcam Settings&#34;. It costs a few bucks but gives you more control.
R1J2NYKNQPJPVR	adjudicated	2	Very disappointed to report that less than a month after purchasing this drive, all it does is click and I have lost over a TB of data.<br />Returning to WD for warranty replacement, but how much faith can I have in the new one?<br /><br />I have an older USB 2.0 portable WD drive that is still going strong after years, not sure what happened with this one, but it was never dropped or handled roughly at all.  Bummed!<br /><br />**update**<br />Sent the drive back to WD, they sent me a new one the day after they received it, so I have to say I am impressed with their RMA process and have upped my review to three stars.  We'll see how the replacement works out.
R2RIPQJVO48B4Y	adjudicated	2	Arrived in excellent shape however connector is very touchy and it is hard to keep a connection. Might be my phone, however other chargers connect and charge with no issues.
R19T81TV61JEB1	adjudicated	2	&#34;Well first the bad news... It does smell. What's up guys? You sharing the production plant with Goodyear tires? Anyway... The magnetic cover works but sporadically. Otherwise, if you can get passed these issues it is a nice looking case. The ipad mini fits in really well and looks like a cool journal when closed. &#34;
R2IN0MA3TLN16Q	adjudicated	2	I've been coveting this case for a while now, and only recently had a chance to get one shipped to me in Thailand. I have a Speck &#34;satin&#34; shell on my 11 inch Air, and although the fit is a bit snug, I can get the laptop with the shell on it in this sleeve. I think over time, the sleeve will stretch enough to make the fit a bit better.<br /><br />I love everything about the case except the fact that the velcro strip that holds the sleeve shut is already starting to peel off from the right side. I've only owned the sleeve a week and have only used it a handful of times. I'm sure Amazon would replace it, but I have no way of returning this case and receiving a replacement in Thailand, so now I just have to pray it holds together for the rest of my bicycle tour. C'est la vie.
R2T6PFHNHFKHCM	adjudicated	2	Its an good tablet for younger users but it lacks flexibility as you cannot run Google apps and many others that are available on a regular android distro. You can sideload apps to some degree but cannot get hangouts working for example.  Also they disable ADB so you cannot root the device.  Also if you plan to use free time you have to have a separate parent account and a limited child account. Great for young kids but not so great for older kids that may not need as many restrictions.  Gets annoying as you may have to jump back and forth between profiles unnecessarily. The freetime is nice along with the warranty. The 8gb does kinda stink. In the end I would have to say great for young kids and less ideal for older.  If your kid Is older suggest a normal fire or nexus tablet.
R2OD0R6NFHE55Z	adjudicated	2	Basically, I wanted to buy something that protected by kindle, which this does perfectly. The color and quality are quite acceptable for the price this comes for. However, having used this for a month now, I see that the elastic band is starting to slack a bit (it is not as taut as it was when it was new and fresh). It still does the job, but am hoping that it does not slack off anymore. Another little thing is that using the arrow key (right direction) becomes a bit constrained with the cover.
R2F0310UC3UD5S	adjudicated	1	This gizmo is sensitive to the surface it is on... much more than other optical mice I've used.  I notice it uses a blue laser... not the common red type... so I'm apt to attribute this weakness to the laser type.  It seems to work best on monochromatic or plain / dull surfaces.  On more reflective surfaces like marble tops and things like cloth tabletops with patterns, the Wedge just doesn't track well.
R3HQKHJR4KHN4L	adjudicated	2	I grabbed one of these at first sight as it truly is a great idea and I'm always struggling with multiple cords.  However, as someone who wants to travel as light as possible this is really not practical.  It's big, heavy and bulky and takes up a lot of room in a travel bag as well as a couple of precious pounds when checking a bag.  Check the measurements of this case before buying.  I returned mine.
R4Y35U7EL35T6	adjudicated	1	I actually like the shape and feel of the predecessor a lot more, but this one works quite well as advertised.  The previous model is more round and feels more ergonomic.  This one works well enough, though not as comfortable. I will likely keep it and give it away if I can find one of the model which this one replaces.
R27TNMMZ0ZF61H	adjudicated	2	given its not a bad computer for the price however I am upset by the fact that it does not come with Microsoft Office and I'll have to pay extra for that also only had the computer for a few months now and the keys are little and responses sometimes I have to use an unusual amount of pressure to get the keys to respond again I did not pay a great deal of money for this computer but at the same time I was expecting a certain minimum standard
R2V7X601R3Y7A5	adjudicated	1	Perfect for child gaming needs.
R1J93PIPQ66K2M	adjudicated	2	Purchasing the case was smoot with no delivery problems.<br /><br />The case works well with a Smart Cover and installs easily. The neoprene handle is adjustable and soft.<br /><br /> The case worked great for 2 months. Then two cracks appeared in the circular plastic that houses the hand grip. One of the cracks was in the section that secured one end of the neoprene handle so it would no longer attach.  I really liked this case, too bad it was just not strong enough to handle the stress put one it by continual use of the handle.<br /><br />I will contact Lapworks and see what they say.
R2O9L19OIUK9TL	adjudicated	2	The bag is not very spacious as compared to my previous swissgear bag. The laptop storage section features a velcro flap to secure the laptop (often gets entangled with other items). About 1/4th of the laptop (15'' macbook pro) stays out of the laptop storage \\"pouch\\". The shoulder straps are very comfortable compared to older swissgear bags and distribute weight of contents very uniformly.<br /><br />Overall, not worth its price (usd 107.00). Would recommend buying other swissgear bags that are a lot cheaper.
R1BI7UKRIOAIKQ	adjudicated	1	The fit is good but the color is not represented accurately.  The description says sky blue which is a good description but the photo is beautiful turquoise.  It is a very light blue like, well, the sky.  Wish there was an option to get a darker key guard.
R1MTYGQW1MSI4Q	adjudicated	2	Unfortunately I had to rate only 3 stars. The Tab 4 fits inside cutouts, but only to a point.<br /><br />Yes you can close the velcro strap. Edges of the tablet still stick out. I have tried to wait until it had been ( the tablet) inside the leather cut outs for a bit of time, thinking it would stretch. No go.<br /><br />I purchased the RooCase for my older Tab 3 It fit perfectly, actually I bought 2 different colors. Both fit perfect.
R1EW3A3E74C3SA	adjudicated	2	I got this planning to use it with my Time Warner digital cable. Windows Media Center scanned the channels, but when I tried to tune in a channel, Windows Media Center reported that the channel was encrypted. D'oh! Apparently Time Warner encrypts all the channels and you must use a properly-authorized tuner provided by them. Oh well. I hooked up a cheap indoor antenna and it received the low-band VHF channels OK. If I had used a better antenna it probably would have gotten all the channels.  It's a good unit for off-air reception but if you try to use it with encrypted digital cable, no joy. One small minus is that it seems to run a bit hot, but this did not impair its functioning when I had it installed.  Fortunately Amazon makes it easy to return items when things like this happen, so I sent it back and wound up paying $10 return shipping.
R3Q68M67UZU1YA	adjudicated	4	Let it be said first and foremost that I love the Nexus line and I have a Nexus phone (yes, Galaxy Nexus because the Nexus 5 is not on VZW)... I have also had the previous generation Nexus 7 and my husband has a 2012 Nexus 7 as well.<br /><br />Let me start out with the good.  The volume and screen resolution will blow you away if you were using the 2012 Nexus 7... which had a pretty nice screen, too; this one is exceptional.  This has extra space on the sides which I love to use to rest my thumbs while playing racing games or other games when I get a chance.  Most often, I find myself utilizing the tablet for Play Music while doing school, reading textbooks or books, Netflix for downtime, and the occasional aforementioned games.  I don't do a whole lot of internet browsing on it, just to look something up quick, etc. (Recommend Dolphin Browser, though).<br /><br />The tablet has done great until the KitKat update rolled out, when it started to do some boot looping, but nothing terrible, so I didn't mind much.  I like to experiment with different roms so I've had my fair share of bootlooping, but this tablet I kept BONE stock for the entire time I've owned it.  I figured there might be some issues when they gave a release date and blew past that by over three weeks to release to the Nexus crowd... which is one reason I buy Nexus products.  I like to have the latest OS.  I didn't fret over it though and figured they'd release it when it was right.  I was wrong.<br /><br />I have read on the forums sometimes where people had touchscreen issues or freezing, I did experience some of that as well, but I'd just sit it down to come back to it later when it could behave, or reboot it.  This came with the KitKat update.  Sometimes it's apps that are not yet ready for the update, so I went through and deleted everything non-essential, but the touchscreen &#34;freezing&#34; was still a problem.<br /><br />I also read some other things on the forums, which I dismissed as pure ridiculousness until a few days ago, when I found out firsthand that those ridiculous stories were true.  I am very careful with my devices and keep them in cases.  In this instance, I had just finished with a chapter of a book so I turned off my tablet and sat it down on the table.  Everyone in my house was sleeping.  I took a short break and came back to get my tablet before going to read in bed and finish another chapter.  The touchscreen wasn't responsive again, so I went ahead and rebooted.  It still wasn't working.  So I rebooted again and noticed a little spot in the center of my screen.  I turned on my bedside lamp only to find that it had hairline cracked across the screen and that part of the screen wouldn't be responding again.  Now I'm left with a tablet that only partially works due to only 1/8 of the screen working.<br /><br />Essentially, this tablet is amazing and I did love it until the KitKat rollout, at which time it became minority annoying.  I'm not saying that had anything to do with the touchscreen cracking, but that's where it went downhill first.  Now that I've read around a bit, I can't in good conscience recommend this tablet since it is a known issue, but obviously not a warranty item.  I don't blame people if they don't believe me, I was skeptical as well, but the screen cracking out of nowhere issue is very real.  I'm not sure what I'll buy next but it won't be another Nexus 7 FHD.
R3QD9DKT582H4G	adjudicated	1	I have problem switching on .Apple warranty repair center tells me there is problem with the operating system so it has to be re installed. The Mac Office software is gone.If seller can tell me the product code for the Mac Office then I can reinstall it.
R2Y7NOO4VFRSY5	adjudicated	1	For some reason after about a month of owning this motherboard the bois would not implement any of the settings I changed. Let me tell you this is a very frustrating thing to happen when trying to overclock your system when every time you change a setting and save it non of it would actually change. After updating the bois it helped a little bit however to this day I still can't change profile settings in the bois because it will not actually implement them.
RX8Z6RLDZS4YK	adjudicated	2	I just received this today and tried it out. Immediately I could tell the construction of this case is excellent. The leather feels nice, and the added elastic band on the back is a good touch to allow you to slip your hand in and keep grasp of the case/tab.  The Galaxy Tab badge on the side of the case cool. On the inside there's two credit card sized slots for an ID card of a \\"return to address if lost\\" tag. And that's about it.<br /><br />Now with the most important part.  This case, although recommended by Amazon for the Tab 2 7in,  I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS FOR  GALAXY TAB 2 7.0 OWNERS! I think it only is compatible for the 1st gen Galaxy Tabs.<br /><br />The tab doesn't fit correctly; some of the tab is exposed on the left because it doesn't go in all the way. The fabric that holds the tab in doesn't have the correct cut-outs for the Tab 2. The top portion completely covers the mic and headphone jack. The volume button is covered on the upper/high volume portion, thus keeping pressure on the high volume button.  Even though I don't use the Peel app and the IR, it's completely covered as well.  The bottom speakers aren't aligned correctly. And lastly, the light sensor is completely covered also, so if auto brightness is on, will always dim the screen to adjust to low light situations.<br /><br />Again, this case would be excellent for the original Galaxy Tab 7 first generation, BUT NOT FOR THE GALAXY TAB 2 7.0
R48QUBTFMPZ95	adjudicated	2	it is one of the few stands that will hold iPad with a smart cover on iPad. Not as stable as it could be but compact and so travels well.  no idea what velcro strips were for.  takes way to long to arrive.  one month is ridiculous.
R3F60NA0U1YSFA	adjudicated	1	I works in all my cameras and using as Flash Drive works well. It does not format or mount in the ROKU.SX  It is not the  Flash Drive that is defective. It must be the ROKU.
R2FN1S69SU9AJV	adjudicated	1	This battery has preformed good, but so far has not been fully charged. I am happy with this purchase.  Good value for the money.
RLI0R4GBCCBQJ	adjudicated	2	It seems like I have ALWAYS given 5 stars in product reviews, but this product is the exception (sigh). The problems are that the template printed on the back of the laptop cover design didn't fit my new HP Pavilion at all. I did the best I could, but the template's corners are not at all the same curve as my laptop's corners. Although the template gives many incremental sizes, it didn't give a size that fit my laptop. I used the lines that were closest and the result is a bit cheesy looking.<br /><br />You also get two printed designs for the left and right of your finger pad inside. One fit to the left of the pad after I cut it down (and making a template from scratch was not easy). There is no handy-dandy template printed on these two pieces. However the area to the right of the pad was much, much longer than the other printed piece. Both pieces are the same dimension...yet many laptops have a larger area to the right of the pad!<br /><br />After blowing through several tracing paper templates for the two smaller printed pieces and applying them, the result was pretty tacky as there was a large gap to the right of the finger pad. Ugh! So off they came. Not enough printed material to cover the area.<br /><br />The good news is that the &#34;stick-um&#34; allows you to re-position the piece many times and you WILL NEED to do that many times. It is as tough to place this stuff right where you want it as contact paper is, but this is a bit sturdier and thicker than contact paper I think.<br /><br />For some reason, it is so thick that it doesn't behave like &#34;skin.&#34; The cut edges sort of stick out instead of clinging to the edges of your laptop cover. I don't know, it just doesn't drape well.<br /><br />The designs are lovely, and that was what got me hooked, but for the first time on Amazon.com, I can honestly say that I would NOT purchase this product again. The end result is not very pleasing.
R1G1O0XV9QQ8I	adjudicated	1	Very disappointed in the flimsy quality. The price is exhorbitant for what you get: a stamped sheet metal panel plus 5 PLASTIC snap in rings. While the description screams &#34;METAL&#34; see my previous sentence. And, this sells at just a bit below the price of all-metal 1RU units! Definitely not pro quality and I advise you to look elsewhere.
RFZ6G5U5PAN0C	adjudicated	1	Extremely difficult to get all bubbles out and not sticky enough to stay on for very long. You get what you pay for.
RV104S32D3QS	adjudicated	2	To potential buyers with only HDMI output ports, you are warned. According to the user's manual pg.12 (Does not support ...and resolutions, standard for 2K and 4K digital cinema resolution.), this monitor, although comes with an HDMI 1.4 version, eliminates its crucial optional spec. In other words, HDMI input on 2560x1440 @ 60Hz is made impossible even though you have an hdmi 1.4 cable + 1.4 graphics card. Admittedly, although some tweaks that manually setting the resolution to 1440p would work @30Hz or even up to 55Hz, those may not be applied to everyone and could hardly provide much satisfaction. Hence, a second thought is required for potential buyers with *only* HDMI ports and cables. I am questioning the Dell's logic behind not supporting this very important optional feature yet still literally claiming it's HDMI 1.4, as well as hiding this unremarkable yet important information. Peers, such as Asus's pb278q(r), an 'old' 2012 model, have no problem with 2k under hdmi.
RVYUATKL1DM7N	adjudicated	2	I ordered the TB-7300 and it arrived fairly quickly.  Unfortunately, I have been unable to get the pen to work.  The scroll wheel works and the selector LEDs work, so I have to conclude that the tablet is communicating to the PC without a problem.  I contacted Trust Support and they sent me a replacement pen at no cost which was rather decent.  Sadly, the replacement pen is not recognized by the tablet either.  I've tried several driver updates and none of them have resolved the issue.  I'm returning the unit to Amazon for a refund while I contact the retailer for a replacement order.  Hopefully this is just a defective unit and the replacement will meet my expectations.  I will update the review/rating based on the outcome.    Update: The Trust reseller does not process exchanges so I decided to return the tablet and get a slight smaller one at a comparable price.
R26UTHU1VQUSVU	adjudicated	2	I like the key board except for one flaw. This flaw alone drove me crazy and would never buy another one until this flaw is fixed.<br />The space key is so low and is activated only if you press it down enough. The front guard prevents you from pressing down enough unless you turn your thumb down and consciously press it thereby losing your rhythm in typing. I had to tape a couple of thick paper on the space bar to make it work.
R1TPIGTQWAOSTO	adjudicated	1	Nice concept!  However, if you have the new style outlets (rectangular), then these will NOT screw to the existing mount.  You will have to remove the new outlet and replace it with an older style with the center screw mount.  The new outlets are mounted with two screws, one at top & one at bottom.  Seems like I remember the electrician saying the new style is called Endura, but I could be wrong.
RO6ISBIL5MA27	adjudicated	1	Works okay. The one on my computer had burnt out, and this usb version will do well until I get a new computer.
R2EHJI8Y5U8Z3F	adjudicated	4	I bought this to try on my iPad Air while I wait for Native Union to release the Gripster Wrap for iPad Air. The Gripster is by far the most flexible stand/grip/case I have ever seen for the earlier iPads and when I upgraded from my Ipad 3, I was really missing it. This Solo stand does hang over the sides of the iPad Air by a couple of millimeters, but it's not a problem. It offers a lot of flexibility in both landscape and portrait orientations, and is compatible with the Smart Cover. This is a bit stiff and hard to rotate and move for changing the positions, and it definitely does not look as good as the Gripster. It lacks some of the comfort and elegance of the Gripster so I will most likely still buy that when it comes out, but this will tide me over while I wait.  Total weight of iPad Air + Solo + Smart Cover is 23.3 oz. I'll add a photo of the stand attached to the iPad Air.<br /><br />Update 5/30/2014 - After a lot of driving last weekend, I decided to go ahead and order the Gripster Wrap now that it is out. This SOLO stand is just very uncomfortable when used as a grip. However, now that I want to remove the stand, I cannot find instructions on how to take it off. The link provided in the packaging leads to a 404 page, and my emails and tweets to the company have gone unanswered for two days. It makes me wonder what they are hiding by not providing removal instructions. I will get this stand off today one way or another and try not to damage my iPad in the process. I'm taking a star off this review for the company's lack of responsiveness.
R3T4SGO75B048P	adjudicated	2	PROS:  -The lighted keys make the symbols quite easy to see.  -The volume wheel is nice.    CONS:  -You can't assign individual colors to each button.  -Oftentimes I hit the G1 button instead of the Escape button. I just haven't gotten used it yet.  -I have a Creative audio card and if I plug the headphones on the keyboard I lose EAX.
R3TGBQ3HHR5YXO	adjudicated	1	... but would not let me register it for warranty purposes.  &#34;Wrong verification code&#34; keeps coming up.<br />Using with MacBook.  Light-weight plastic body.
R1M5Z9TFOLIAIB	adjudicated	3	...if held very close. I'd rather not have to take my hand off the keyboard. This will work on a keyboard if held close enough. However, to comfortably reach the mouse buttons with your thumb, you have to have this on the finger bone closest to the hand (at least for me) and that then requires curling your finger under tightly to get the mouse close enough to the keyboard (or any other surface) to work. I ultimately settled on the [[ASIN:B002UNFGCC Mini USB Finger Trackball Mouse]] due to its comfortable ease of use (less wrist twisting).<br /><br />Whichever model you settle on, the wire on any of these is not that big a deal: you just have to remember to remove the mouse before you leave the workstation. You also may need a USB extension cord if using a desktop computer. I got mine due to shoulder/back pain from having to reach for the mouse. Moving the mouse to the left hand does get it closer, by the way, and helps.
R33HLUFM04HQOB	adjudicated	1	I had to return the case for the kindle WIFI from order 440250, as per phone conversation with agent. The case was to big for the new kindle and there was not a new version for the new Kindle. The RMA number I was given is 16523. I mailed it today, 9/13/10.    I was told $12.XX would be credited to my VISA account that I used to make the purchase.....    Thank You, Bernar5d Lopez... I cost me ~ $3.00 for return the item.
ROLVILYOV8XUM	adjudicated	2	First I purchased this after returning a V6 due to weak brackets and screws breaking.   About this heat sink: Looks great, sturdy as hell, perfect for 1155 builds but a few issues. Mine came with a small  black (copper pipes are coated in black paint)dent/pit on the base plate that meets the cpu.  The plate is no where near clean, you will need to use a safe cleaning solution before touching   this any where near your cpu as it has machine oil still on it. Right now I'm still debating returning it  as I suspect some performance issues due to the recessed pit/crack.
RPYWEVZUYNDRP	adjudicated	2	This USB is super cute and holds a lot of memory. 2 problems. 1: it does not have a string or anything to attach it to. 2: it broke very easily. I dropped it once and the swivel part broke. It still holds memory and all that but it can no longer swivel. :-(
R1MQL6JOL7P9ZK	adjudicated	1	Worked well with my tab 3, love playing the classic games on my emulators. Also works good with android games.
RUZVTPAYOPMOB	adjudicated	1	Users have to be careful when using the USB port to power this device. I connected this product to my 5 yrs old HP desktop computer and within 15 minutes my mother board went bad. Old computer USB though (2.0) is not sufficient to power up this device.
R22GU1GIFXZU9F	adjudicated	3	I had just finished setting up my mediaPC and was ready to try out this wireless keyboard. Setup was a breeze (plug and play) and it worked great while standing next to the PC. Now my situation may be different since my mediaPC is tucked away in a closet next to the media room. So with that in mind, I can still use the keyboard in the media room within about 10' of the closet but anywhere beyond that distance and it becomes a paperweight. I may try getting a USB extension cable to move the RF unit closer. Also don't expect to be able to type 50+ words per minute on this thing. It's just not quick enough to keep up even if the signal quality is excellent. Therefore I give this a 3 out of 5 since it does it's job - just not well enough for my situation.
R2I58TP8NTZZTJ	adjudicated	1	I had expected more from it, such as being able to reach through walls and floors, but it doesn't.  I had to get additional extenders.  It was relatively easy to set up, but I'm planning to return it because it doesn't meet my expectations.
R311MG0SH7W3EC	adjudicated	1	must say I like my Nook better - it has better lighting than the Kindle
R2R9HBVNNEZU40	adjudicated	2	Easy to set up and convenient, but it does not come close to a true wired connection as far as speed. But all in all I would recommend it but you will still get some lag playing online xbox or ps3 as compared to a wired network. But other than that I have my pc and netflix dvd hooked to it also. Maybe pc is a little slower download time too. Netflix works fine.
R2QRPFJXLBD5G2	adjudicated	2	The first one shipped and although we received it a bit late, taking it out of the box was impressive.  It felt solid and the heavy gun-grip type covering on the LT is  pretty cool.  However, it came with Win8 and a lot of ASUS bloatware, so it came up rather slowly.  Once up we noticed there were a few pixels that had fallen out.  How do you ship a PC display with bad pixels?  How does this get passed Quality Control?  I hope the replacement makes me give it one more star, we'll see.  Disappointed, thus far.  Update soon.
RIIK09NCDY91P	adjudicated	1	Padding on the inside is great, however the zippers on both pockets pretty much fell apart after a few months of light use.
R3ABBBMF5048Q5	adjudicated	0	The keyboard is okay! it looks cheap but it works ok and I got what I paid for. It was shipped slowly but packaged nicely! Thank you!
R29SXF0KW8YULZ	adjudicated	2	I was a bit disappointed by the cover... the color of the one I got in the mail is darker than the color in the picture. Also, the little hook things that hold the Kindle in place scratched my Kindle :( Overall I guess it protects it from drops, etc. I just wish it hadn't scratched it up!
RQ5RG25K9MBQG	adjudicated	1	I was really expecting a lot more. Very comfortable but my biggest complaint involves the tracking. I have a light brown desk and it didn't work well with it. Also, the scroll wheel clicks instead of scrolling smoothly so the page jumps too much.
R1OOOMN0HJ9GS2	adjudicated	4	Before I proceed with my review, please see below for the keyboard specs...  Name: Multimedia Photosensitive Gaming Keyboard Model: JLK009 Bar-code: X000OQM5M7 Key Technology: Architecture crater Key Life: 10,000,000 times Connection: Wired Keys: 104 normal keys (full-size style) Color: Black Cable Length: 1.8m (USB braided) Size: 454x180x30mm Weight: 700g  I took a gamble with this keyboard since there were absolutely no reviews for it. What made me go for this keyboard was that there is a video link in the description that has a short video showing off this keyboard. If it weren't for that video I wouldn't have given this one a try. I just received it today and wanted to be the first person to say I am pretty impressed with this keyboard.  Firstly, I wanted a keyboard with dedicated multimedia buttons, not secondary multimedia buttons which most of the blue led lighted keyboards on Amazon had. This keyboard has dedicated multimedia buttons and they work great. Very big multimedia buttons and are colored red for easy distinction. Although, the led back light does not light them up like on the keys of the keyboard, they have lights that kind of go around them to at least see their border in complete darkness but can easily see them in daylight.  Secondly, the key ScrLk is labeled underneath it with a picture indicating it is the button to change the led lights from blue, red purple and off. Just hold the FN key down and keep pressing the ScrLk key for your desired color. Easy, simple and no guess work or trying to remember what key it was to change the colors. You can also change the brightness using FN + PgUp or PgDn keys. Easy!  Thirdly, the keyboards USB cable is braided. Nothing spells good quality like a braided USB cable.  Fourthly, the keyboard keys click very well. However, it seems the space bar has a tiny squeak when using it, which I hope will die down over time or I might take it out and get some Wd-40 in there to quiet it. The keyboard is pretty heavy with rubber feet underneath it to keep it grounded. Also has tilt option.  Lastly, the keys are very hard to see when the back light led lights are not on. This is obvious because the letters on the keys are transparent and are not black on white, or white on black. So in all honesty, in order to use this keyboard, either the back light needs to be on at all times, day or night, to see the key letters or if you took a lot of typing classes in your day you don't have to see the keys to type.  Some interesting things to know about this keyboard:  1. There are shiny red bumpers to the left and right of this keyboard. They light up very well with the red and purple back lights but the blue doesn't seem to shine through as good.  2. The keyboards back lights turn off after 3 minutes of being idle. I assume this is a power saving feature. Just click a key on the keyboard to wake the lights back up. It resumes the same light you left off.  3. When you wake the computer from sleep, the keyboard goes back to its default color which is blue instead of going back to the color you left off of unless it was blue. This is kind of annoying, Not sure why it just can't go back to the last color selected.  Bottom line, for the discounted price of this keyboard it is just pretty cool. Very bright led lights from blue to red and purple and to be able to increase and decrease the brightness I am satisfied. The reason why I rated -1 star was because the annoying squeaky space bar on a new keyboard (which I will have to take out and spray some lubricant in there on a brand new keyboard). Please feel free to check out all the pictures I uploaded of this keyboard.  UPDATE:  After further investigation of the squeaky space bar (it was driving me nuts) I popped the space bar off and to my surprise there were no 2x mini springs as stated on the back of the keyboard box making it a stronger keyboard. I quote &#34;The blank space key double spring design curved&#34; and has a picture of the spacebar removed and two mini springs are present indicating a strong double spring design for a strong lasting space bar. However, all I find instead is a traditional long bar spring which was used in the old school keyboards (probably still used today in cheap keyboards but definitely not gaming keyboards I would assume. Then again, I'm not popping off the space bar to check every single keyboard I purchase to see whats under the hood). And since the back of the keyboard box states, with a picture I might add, that it should have two springs in it, I have to say I have identified false advertisement on this keyboard and it must be reported. Not that the kind of spring in a keyboard is such a big deal but it makes the company untrustworthy and that puts me on edge. I plan to submit a picture of this, once Amazon sends me email instructions on how to add additional pictures to a review (can't seem to figure it out) in hopes that the sellers see this false advertisement and correct it. Also I appreciate a contact from the seller to arrange an exchange for the double spring keyboard that is stated on the box rather then the one I got. Because of this I had to take away a star. False advertisement is completely unacceptable. Sellers, feel free to chime in and explain your side of this. On a good note, the space bar is no longer squeaking and driving me nuts. The long spring bar must of been rubbing the wrong way.  Also, the picture of the keyboard on the box has blue multimedia buttons instead of red. And the small picture on the back of the keyboards box that displays the double springs for the space bar has a completely different design then the keyboard I got. The keyboard I got has a pointy arm rest below the space bar like shown in the sellers pictures. However, the referred picture shows a smooth arm rest which tells me they are illustrating the wrong keyboard. Maybe it was an earlier model but there are definitely no double springs under my space bar.  So after seeing the false advertisements I can only imagine what information is actually correct and what isn't according to what is stated on the tin besides the obvious. Does this keyboard have a waterproof splash design as stated? I have no idea and not sure how to tell other then to poor water on it and see what happens. There also seems to be two model numbers. On the box it states JLK009 while on the back of the keyboard it states MD-KB-02. Which is correct? No idea. Neither give me a whole lot to work with when I Google them. On the front of the box it states &#34;laser carving radium technology, never wear&#34;. Not sure how confident I am in that statement since the dual springs weren't there for the space bar. See what I am talking about? If I find anything else I'll update.
RLWSMK6W603JT	adjudicated	1	I've been a little disappointed with this laptop. The battery life is about 3 or 4 hours when the lid is closed but the computer is still on. The performance is mediocre even for streaming and browsing. That might have a little to do with Windows 8, I'm not sure. None of it has been bad enough to actually send it back though.
RCGYJFM3F2AS7	adjudicated	3	Updated on 5/10. I was able to get it working by plugging the keyboard and mouse into the generic USB plugs. For a KVM of this price you expect it to work better. As it stands I'l bump it up from 1 star to 3 because it is usable, you just lose all the extra functionality.<br /><br />When it works it works great, unfortunately it doesn't always work. Sometimes when I'm typing keys get randomly repeated almost as if the key is stuck down. This only happens when the keyboard is connected to the switch so I know the issue isn't the keyboard.<br /><br />Video and KVM controls work great, but part of what I do requires me to login to many machines a day with a pretty long/strong password. Three wrong attempts locks my account and I need to call a helpdesk to get it unlocked thus causing a work stoppage, so I can't afford to cross my fingers and hope the switch works as intended. While this is my only complaint, it's a show stopper for me.<br /><br />I've reported the issue to StarTech, if I get any kind of resolution I'll update this review.
R3G2XGQE8KBUJO	adjudicated	1	The company tapes a silver/grey wrapper around the syringe in the ad.  So if you are looking for silver/grey grease buy something else.
RJN3ITQSI6RUS	adjudicated	2	The form factor is very nice - very compact. The configuration software is okay - a little clunky, but it seems to get the job done.<br /><br />The major downside I have found is that it does not work well for streaming media (Hulu, Netflix, HBO Go) to an iPad (in my case an iPad 3). The video frequently stutters and freezes.<br /><br />The transfer rate looks okay. When connecting to a wifi router with 30 mbps, it has a speed of 10 - 15 mbps. By the speed alone, streaming media should be fine - so must be something else.<br /><br />I do not see this problem when using a hotspot wifi router from another vendor.<br /><br />Maybe I'm being too picky for such a small device, but for me, this is a fatal flaw.
R31X4DVQWV2FUK	adjudicated	5	I'm not as impressed as I had hoped I'd be with this cover after waiting so long for it.  The purple cover I purchased is a better purple in person, and I would describe the color as a little brighter than eggplant.  The cover attaches well and I like the centered light which is about the brightness I would have hoped for which is what bumped up my rating.  The device will stay securely in the back of the cover and is a great fit.  What I like the LEAST about the cover is the front cover itself.  It is lightweight, which would be great except that the cover is bowed and will not lay completely flat over the front of the Kindle like my old  Kindle 2 leather cover.  I have not decided if I want to return it yet.  I really wanted a cover with a light built in without elastic holding the Kindle in place.  I think the cost is too high with the flimsy top cover.  If it had elastic to hold it closed, I would probably be okay with it.<br /><br />------------<br /><br />After using the new cover for a couple of days, I've decided it is growing on me.  The top cover is still a concern for me, but if I'm careful when placing it in my bag everyday, my Kindle will be protected.  The light hurts my eyes unless I hold it at a steeper angle.  This is perfect when I'm working out on the Elliptical, but is going to take some getting used to when sitting in a chair.  I may need to prop it up better.<br /><br />Earlier, I said the cover was flimsy.  It is not flimsy.  It is stiff and lightweight.  It *seems* flimsy because of how it just flops closed and the edges don't lay down due to the bowing leather.  The lightweight cover is sturdy enough.  Overall, the cover is sleek.<br /><br />I would love for Amazon to tilt the light so the brightness from the bulb is not in my eyes at my preferred reading angle and for them to place some sort of elastic or magnetic closure on the side to make it easier to carry around and to get my mind off those raised edges.  I want to protect my device.<br /><br />Still going to keep it at three stars because the price is a bit steep, angle of the light, and bowed cover.cause the price is a bit steep, angle of the light, and bowed cover.
R3OFY6A4RTR6Y	adjudicated	1	This case is durable protection for my Galaxy Tab 7plus.  The cover does produce lines on the screen, which are easily wiped off with a soft wipe and a little lens cleaner.  Recommend strongly using a screen protector.
RLIQYZ3ZDPK1S	adjudicated	3	I purchased this case for my new iPad mini 3 gold. Although it is beautiful and fits perfectly, it is also very heavy and truly adds too much bulk- taking away from the purpose and appeal of an iPad mini. If the primary purpose of your iPad mini is to be at home and for convenience, then this case works great. It's pretty, durable and functional. However, if you need it to protect your iPad but also be sleek and light (which is what I was looking for as I use this on rounds in the hospital and place it in my white coat pocket), then this case is not for you.
R2VMSNB7071A5N	adjudicated	2	Corsair is known for quality products and I currently utilize many Corsair products in my PC - Memory, CPU Cooling, Speakers, K70 Non RGB Keyboard-(Which works like a champ). Thought that this keyboard would make a great upgrade. That said - The fact is the keyboard has hardware and software issues that are far from minimal.<br /><br />No Lights on boot - Lights come on when windows loads<br />Not good if you need your keyboard when in the Bios or Doing anything that is not Windows related.<br /><br />USB Error in Device Manager<br />Windows does not like something about the hardware of this keyboard and refuses it's operation.<br />I tested this issue on two PC's.<br /><br />Software seems to still be in  Beta Form<br />Yes the software is complex and right now very buggy<br /><br />Constant Malfunction Error<br />Software and or Hardware issues where you have to physically disconnect/reconnect to get normal function<br /><br />I reached out to Corsair support and I was told they are working on the issues.<br />I signed up and monitored the Corsair Forum to keep up with any progress or solutions.<br />Maybe I will look at this again in the future, but for now I can't hold onto what I regard as a Beta Product.<br />So my 30 days were fast approaching and yes I am sad to have to return this.
R35K05Q5QB4HC9	adjudicated	1	The battery does not last as long as I had hoped. Only about an hour, hour and a half.
R3Y5M5MTSXLN2	adjudicated	0	We had a couple of these go bad on our Drobos, so I bought two replacements.  But dear lord Drobo is charging WAY too much for them!
R2OWJF0719BKDL	adjudicated	2	This mouse is starting to die. It acts like the battery is going, but it's not the battery -- it's the mouse itself. All my mice keep doing this, but I'd been buying really cheap ones. I expected more from a Logitech.<br /><br />I have two of these -- one at work, one at home. Both are acting funny, but the one at my office is really bad. I am having to use the track pad, and my hand hurts by the end of the day.<br /><br />I need a new mouse, and love this color combo, but I won't be buying it again.
R2GEO7JB516JDZ	adjudicated	2	The product does go on easier than other screen protectors but there seems to be no anti-glare properties at all.  I cannot watch any videos or read print when there is any significant light nearby.  My advice would be save your money because @ $30, it simply isn't worth it!
R3MQONOAKSUQ45	adjudicated	2	This fit OK. Did the SSD optical upgrade on my 2009 MacBook pro. Decided to use this to put the optical in. It really dies not fit too well or snug. It does the job and at $8 you can't expect much. If your like me and use your DVD drive once a year it's fine, if you use it daily or weekly spend a little more.
R271IZ9YWXZUQO	adjudicated	4	Initially considering a tablet PC, I instead chose this netbook for several reasons.  It's lighter than many 10&#34; tablets, has a 320gb hard drive compared to tablet storage limitations posed by microSD card technology.  A true keyboard (as opposed to the touchscreen or bluetooth keyboard for an additional expense) and the capability of using programs that I'm already familiar with completed the decision.  While tablets are the current tech rage, and while I do own a Nook Color, they have limitations that a full computer does not.<br /><br />Pros:  At about 1kg (2.2 lb) it's very light and easy to carry.  The hard drive can be replaced with a larger one should the need for more storage arise. The screen is easily viewed, with nice contrast and definition.  Processor speed and graphics acceleration are adequate for the requirements I place upon them (with one proviso).  Since this is a low-end netbook, I did not expect a gaming machine.  The keyboard, though compact, is easily adapted to (admittedly, my hands are on the small side for a man), and possesses a good keystroke and feel for touch-typing.  The Asus utilities are straightforward and intuitive.  The wifi is the most sensitive of all of my family's wifi devices (2 smartphones, a Nook and a Samsung laptop).  The touchpad, though a bit different from what I'm used to, is easy to adapt to and there were no hiccups in adding a wireless Logitech &#34;notebook&#34; mouse.  Audio quality...according to my 18 yr old audiophile twins, it's good quality when using earbuds. (Years of punk rock and other loud environments have left me with significant hearing loss, so I cannot give a first-order review on that).  The built-in speaker is sufficient that I can understand movie dialogue even with a moderate amount of home background noise, so should be more than adequate for people without hearing loss.<br /><br />Cons: Depending on your requirements and computer savvy, these could be deal-breakers.  First and foremost, the computer comes with Windows 7 Starter, the most basic version and its fixed 1gb RAM is not really adequate to the task.  At login, even with as many bells and whistles disabled as possible, the operating system requires 50-54% of the RAM, leaving 512mb or less available to run software.  This can be rapidly consumed by the browser or many other programs, at which point the OS starts swapping data from ram to disk and back (disk-swapping).  The slow HDD further compounds matters making this little netbook pretty sluggish in Windows.  My solution was to set up crunchbang Linux as a 2nd operating system and I use Windows now only for Netflix.  A Debian-based distribution, crunchbang uses about 102mb of RAM, leaving over 920mb free for programs, drastically reducing the need to swap between RAM and disk.<br /><br />The Intel GMA 3600 graphics co-processor is barely capable of handling Netflix and only then when HD is disabled (not an issue of concern with the 1024x600 display), when all is working well.  However, Intel has stated they will no longer be supporting this chip and there will be no Windows 8 driver released for it.  Both the Windows 7 driver and the Linux graphics module are buggy.  When displaying video (Netflix or watching an .avi or .mpg via video player), the entire computer freezes at irregular and fairly frequent intervals, necessitating unplugging the charger AND the battery to turn it off.  This freeze is accompanied by a loud buzzing sound from the speaker or earphones and it renders the power switch inoperative.  Bluray movies (via my desktop computer through the wifi and home network) are often unviewable as they overtax what appears to be the Intel graphics software (not the chip).<br /><br />That complaint is directed at Intel and not Asus and, lacking a TV at home, I cannot say whether the problems will carry over to viewing through the HDMI port.<br /><br />----<br />A 7200 rpm hard drive or, better yet, a solid state drive, would do much to speed things up in Windows 7, but I purchased this as an inexpensive, more versatile alternative to a tablet and don't plan on further expenditures.  Crunchbang's lighter footprint alleviates much of the problem, it's free (donations gratefully accepted), and less prone to crash than Win7 Starter.  This is not my first Asus product, nor is it likely to be my last, but it may well be the last Intel-based computer I purchase; I've dealt with similar issues from Intel in the past, particularly with laptops.  In contrast, my first AMD computer was put together in '87 and I've owned AMD computers extensively in the intervening 26 years, with virtually no such issues.<br /><br />Conclusion:  if your intended usage is mainly for more mundane tasks (word-processing, etc.) with sufficient power for web-surfing, Netflix and the occasional DVD via network or USB drive, this netbook is a decent choice, but has limitations.  If you have the interest in learning the installation, care and feeding of crunchbang or a similar Linux (not a difficult task), or have prior *nix experience, a dual-boot computer which allows you to select the OS to use at startup gives this machine some welcome boosts in performance.
RZ7HJP4KKFCGM	adjudicated	1	Product was much like it was described but I discovered it's much slower than I envisaged for the 1GHz processor. seems the motherboard was much more worn than I thought.
RMUW9JZQ5KBXW	adjudicated	2	Really light to carry and already loaded with the security updates to start with.   The price was not good because for the price almost 800 dollars you would think it would the most updated intel core processor. It was was only an i3---  For simple use like internet access and simple applications,you need to buy Office 2010, AND YOU ARE ALL SET TO GO.
R34SPS5BME99FL	adjudicated	2	Very good image quality, but limited depth of field -- It's usable.<br />The provided software works on my Windows 7 64-bit, but not<br />the image appearance functions.  This has not proven to<br />be a problem.
R2673VZ4T3ZSXA	adjudicated	2	This is my second bluetooth keyboard I've gotten for my iPad and I really like it. It's small, light, compact, and types well. My only issue with it is that I just recently purchased it in December and the back button has already fallen off. I don't toss my keyboard around, if it's not on my desk then it's in my bag. There's no reason why it should have fallen off. I'm thinking of supergluing it back on, but I don't know if it will damage it even more. Suggestions would be welcomed!
R3C74K2348MIAE	adjudicated	2	I'm somewhat disappointed it Netgears quality control.  All that needs to power the unit down is to bump it.  The switch side of the transformer has a weird fit to it.  It has to be pushed in very tight like something is holding it back.  Once in, it works fine until even a slight bump will dislodge it and power the unit off.  It's out of the way now so it doesn't get bumped and works fine.  It was kind of a pain while setting my system up and moving things around but now that it's stable, it's fine.
R3P8NKNE6WGYM5	adjudicated	1	This screen cover is a fairly thick sheet that goes on smoothly, doesn't wrinkle, and exactly fits the Kindle screen.  When I first put it on, there were 2 tiny bubbles, barely noticeable, but the instructions had told how to get rid of tiny bubbles caused by dust, so I tried to make it perfect.  All I can say is that each try ended up with bigger and more pronounced bubbles.  The moral to this story is that I should have just quit after the first try.    I finally thought that really, the Kindle does not need a screen cover. I have the leather cover with a light, which is very worthwhile, and it's not a touch screen, so I never touch it.  So I took the cover off, and when I get a round tuit, I will cut it down and put it on my camera.
R5C1F3N1T3IJN	adjudicated	2	Very heavy, hopefully that means it holds up.  Was disappointed that eject button doesn't work (by design) once the DVD is inside.  An eject button was one reason I bought this instead of the Apple version.  Also, having two cords for people with low-powered USB ports is a pain - always have the second cord flopping around.  Thinking of just cutting it off.
RZGV8AL30DPZH	adjudicated	1	In the picture, the space bar is beautiful. In the actual product, there is a huge brand in bold capital letters that says MOSISO. it's functionally great but I just wasn't expecting that.
RILJ9Q7US9SYZ	adjudicated	1	Not a bad laptop for the value, but this is NOT a production laptop.  This will work for home users, but not for most business users.If you plan on doing more than email, surfing the web and checking your Facebook..  I would look for something with a little more power.
R1U4P9174MPXXQ	adjudicated	1	Needs to be a quarter inch wider, it doesn't completely cover the screen of my iPad mini.
R38L594XEB3V	adjudicated	2	This is a smart, sturdy cover for the kindle with a very convenient reading light.  Having an integral light means that you have a light as long as the kindle is charged and prevents the occasion arising of forgetting to charge a light.  However, there are a couple of drawbacks: 1. At 200 grams the cover just about doubles the weight of the kindle and 2. the light might drain the kindle battery more rapidly than desirable.
R1JW27TNKI3BPL	adjudicated	1	Firstnoffmit took nearly a month to receive this product and when I finally did the holes for the camera and the home button don't line up very well. But it does protect the screen and that is what the product is for. 3 stars because it took so long to receive and the holes being a little off making difficult to apply.
R198VD59JQATOJ	adjudicated	2	Good quality, very pretty. Arrived in good condition & in a timely manner. Installation is tricky, but not too difficult with patience.<br />I was disappointed because it didn't fit quite right. It's missing 2 of 3 cut outs along the bottom edge where there are small rubber stops on the laptop to keep the lid from slamming. I didn't want to return it because it matched the photo & I hadn't realized it wasn't right until installation, so I just cut them out with a super sharp exacto. I don't know if there are 2 versions of this laptop, just be aware if your's has 3 rubber stops across the bottom edge, you will need to alter this skin.
R749HCUM3BLYI	adjudicated	3	I loved this MacBook cover until the rubber feet started falling off.  One I was able to stick back on, but then it fell off again and was lost.  Then another came loose and keeps falling off and I am sure it will disappear sometime soon.  Now my laptop is out of balance and rocks while I use it, which is super annoying.<br /><br />Otherwise, all ports that I have needed are accessible, the case snaps on cleanly and looks nice and is unobtrusive.  I do find that the edge of the case that hits my wrists does irritate somewhat, so if the feet had not fallen off I would have given 4 stars, only subtracting for that reason.  Also, fingerprints become visible over time, but I don't mind that so much.  It does a good job protecting the surface of my laptop.  I don't think it would do much to protect it from an impact, but it does a good job for scratches. I have the light green and love the color.
R3JK7KHGQO2DF6	adjudicated	3	The monitor has a very nice and clear HD display. I have no complaints with it's quality.  However the touch feature doesn't work with Windows 8 and that's really why I bought it.  I have a Samsung Slate 7 PC Tablet with Windows 8 Consumer Preview installed. I was really hoping to extend it's display to a touch monitor but no joy with this one.  I'm hoping there will be a driver ready when the final Win 8 product is released.
RAXKA0FMYXI51	adjudicated	0	It's NOT a HP brand new battery as advertised.  Battery works great but I'm disappointed that it's a fake brand than a HP brand battery that I signed up for and wanted.  Buyers beware it's NOT a HP brand battery!!!!
R2S16PILCHZJ98	adjudicated	1	Bought these refurbished. No problems so far. I didn't expect them to be 6 or 8 years old. Seller did make good with a price adjustment.
R2YUJ4CLKHTN6C	adjudicated	3	The Good:<br />It plays Diablo 3 great. In performance mode I get 70-80 FPS with everything maxed out.<br /><br />The Bad:<br />Computer did not arrive on time. It actually sat for several days with a shipping label printed before UPS received it.<br /><br />Fans are super loud with a load on the CPU. At 3ft away they register at 80-85dB. I have to wear a headset to play games even with the CPU under the desk.<br /><br />On the initial boot received the non-genuine windows message. Tried doing the online verification but it failed several times. Finally had to call Microsoft customer service to resolve the issue.<br /><br />First 2 days running and have already received 2 BSOD errors. The program that appears to keep crashing it is the motherboard/CPU control software.
R2LWBD91AO2XB	adjudicated	1	Good product gmfir my desktop with windows7 but usb connector is relatively large and and it is not inserted in the mouse
R2GH5LUD67QYJK	adjudicated	2	I received this today and the quality seems good.  The \\"I solemnly swear that I am up to no good\\" letters fit across the width of my 11\\" MacBook Air with only slight alteration (I trimmed just a bit to have a smaller space between two of the words and all was well.  Yes, getting the individual letters off the paper was a bit of a pain, but the transfer tape kept them in place and with a bit of patience it all worked out fine.  Unfortunately, the \\"Mischief Managed!\\" is in a considerably larger font and the words do NOT fit beside the touchpad as shown in the picture.  I will have to either cut out and place the letters individually (which would be a royal pain) or place the words diagonally, one on each side of the touchpad, which just doesn't have the same look.  It does not \\"fit all machines\\" as promised in the description, hence the 3-star review.
R34V6UAXAGLNJG	adjudicated	2	The compatibility list on this product doesn't seem to consider the power requirements. If your laptop needs to draw more than 65W, even if the model is listed in the description, then this adapter won't work. In my case I have a K53SV laptop and this adapter could only charge the laptop or run it (but not both).
R1KYGKO1DNLV35	adjudicated	2	If you have USB 3.0 don't bother with this antique 2.0 drive. It runs at a max of about 5 MBytes/sec, slowing down to about 2 or 3 MB/s after 100 MB or so. This means it can take over 4 hours to fill it.<br /><br />Instead, get a [[ASIN:B008AF383S SanDisk Extreme 64 GB USB 3.0 Flash Drive up to 190 MB/s]]. This fantastic USB 3.0 drive is advertized to run 190 MB/s. I certainly beat that as measured by HD Tune read test at 210 MB/s. Writing, I got around 170-190 MB/s when copying from an SSD.<br /><br />Note -- you won't get this speed if you're copying from a laptop HD as you're lucky to get much more than 100 MB/s from a 7200 RPM drive. But that's still better than 20 times faster than a USB 2.0 drive such as this one.<br /><br />If you do have an SSD drive and USB 3.0 ports you can get better than 170 MB/s with the SanDisk Extreme. That's more than 40 times faster.
R2WW2NTM26BHDJ	adjudicated	4	Fast, lightweight, and a very nice looking display. The only disappointment is you have to have a cloud ready printer, guess the printer I recently bought is garbage because it uses a usb connection. You can use the usb printer but it has to be connected to another computer running Windows. I got a chromebook to get away from Windows, nice try Google but you might want to consider supporting usb devices or tell your partners they might as well skip a usb port... I wonder what other devices chrome doesn't work with.
R2FULOHEO2G5W5	adjudicated	2	The case provides protection for the tablet, and works as described. But there are shortcomings: rotary function is not good. Tablet cover comes off from the outer case very easily (held by a very loose button) and that means the tablet might not stay in the case. Also, the case is very thick and heavy, which makes the tablet holding a workout. Auto sleep/ wake function works fine, but the cover won't stay closed without the elastic. Overall, an okay product, but not the easiest to use.
R17P29JUCCZL5S	adjudicated	4	The bag is of average quality but does its job.  There are a decent amount of pockets and the interior size is adjustable to fit different size laptops. My 17.3\\" HP Pavilion fits in there with plenty of room to spare and there is enough room for cords, a mouse, and other peripherals.  My only complaint would be the amount of padding aroud the actual laptop compartment.  It could be thicker.  For the price, it is a great case.
R229WTWENQPPPC	adjudicated	4	The magnets to hold down the flap that keeps the iPad in are not strong enough. Velcro probably would have been a more reliable choice. The iPad slumps down a bit in the pouch when it is standing. The pouch needs to be a bit more snug.<br /><br />The &#34;hinge&#34; part of the pouch is a tiny bit too long, or not stiff enough. This makes the open and standing up &#34;mode&#34; not as stable as I would like.<br /><br />The &#34;kickstand&#34; is not big enough and it has no way to make is stay open. This means it keeps closing every time you pick it up. It's kept from opening too far by a couple of small straps. These are also not adjustable so the incline is fixed. Fine if that's the incline you like. But one incline is not good for all situations.<br /><br />The keyboard paired correctly, first try. The space bar on mine needs a little extra down force to get a space. The hot keys to get back to the home screen and copy, cut, paste are handy. Otherwise the keyboard is working fine, no complaints. I do like the fact that is has buttons and is not the silicon membrane type of keyboard. Good choice on that one.<br /><br />I'm not seeing a lot of good options for my new generation iPad right now, so I will use this when I need the keyboard until something hopefully a lot better comes along.
RVY75HQ7ENZBD	adjudicated	2	I love everything about this keyboard except the backspace and space bar keys. Like other reviewers have mentioned they have a different feeling of resistance and different audio feedback. These keys somehow feel cheaper than the other keys, loose and springy almost. Possibly designed this way since they take the most constant hammering abuse? Not sure, but i will be swapping this keyboard out for the CM Storm Quickfire Pro I had previously.
RE02DS7SCCWUZ	adjudicated	1	I give this 3 stars because it is cheap madevand the screen protector didn't cover the tablet like it should.. the tablet case was cheao made but seems to be dependable enough. I would recommend this product to others if they would fix the issue with the screen protector
R3QL0OYJ8Y4O7U	adjudicated	1	Clear and consequently pretty glossy and picks up loads of fingerprints.
R6Z9TO7PGVH6X	adjudicated	2	I hooked up both ( bought 2)) and my Ipad2 BT connected them but they must be on the same frequency because it made them not work. I would have thought they would have been on different waves. I can only use one at a time. Hoping to put one both upstairs and downstairs. If someone has any ideas please let me know, if not, I guess I now have one I cannot use.  Thanks....bob
R2704YK6A4A502	adjudicated	2	Functions fine with my Galaxy S5, fast access. The activity LED is a bit obnoxious, especially when viewing a stored video. Ended up taping over it to help subdue the glare.
R109QIZ2MRMIRV	adjudicated	4	I have been using the kindle app on my ipad to read books for some time. Although this works really well, the size and weight of the ipad made this a tad uncomfortable. I couldn't really tuck it into a handbag much smaller than a tote bag. I had friends who really liked their kindles and I thought Id like the smaller, more manageable size. Out of the box, I had a really exasperating time trying to get it to connect to my home wireless network. After about an hour, I went online (on the ipad) and got some answers, several of which were quite informative. Obviously, I was not the only one with this issue. After resetting my wireless router and manually typing the IP address into the kindle; success!!! Only took about an hour and a half. Contrast this with my apple products which took about 5 minutes. Strike one for the kindle. Web browsing, both at home and on my work network is a little slow, but adequate. I'll find out when I use it more to access the web which will probably not be at home. Much larger screen size on the ipad or my laptop makes those a far more functional choice for web browsing. My choice of the kindle was primarily for reading. One of the things I like about the other kindles is the non-glare screen with the e-ink display. The fire, unfortunately, has a screen which more resembles the ipad, making it difficult to read in direct light and with numerous reflections on the screen. I have to say that I'm quite disappointed with the reading ease because of this. I was hoping that the fire had a screen like the less expensive kindles. Fingerprints are an issue with the fire also and this is no different from the apple products I own. Overall, I like the fire with the reservations in web connectivity and reading ease. I'm editing this review. I just returned from a cruise. I like to read on the deck. It was impossible to do this on this kindle. I should have taken the cheapie kindle. The only way I could read was to get in the shade.  Defeats the whole purpose of a kindle.urpose of a kindle.
R3JB6K4M7PYW68	adjudicated	1	HP TouchPad is a fantastic product on paper that is only partially realized.  WebOS was never given an adequate chance to mature and compete with the likes of iOS and Android.  It certainly had the potential.  As it stands this product is sluggish and seriously lacking in 3rd party application availability.  It is a shame it didn't survive as it would have been a great competitor and would have driven more innovation in the tablet market.
R1FA6GZACLCCLA	adjudicated	2	I received my drive in early October and have been using it as my Vista 64 boot disk with a 4 drive RAID setup for file storage, games and commonly changed files. Hardware wise this drive is great. It has great throughput and loads most anything instantly. The one issue I have with this drive at this point is the sudden %33 jump in price. Even worse, this is a jump directed by the manufacturer since this is mostly a change in suggested retail price. My advice would be if you are in the market for an SSD of this caliber or below, wait. This sudden price gouging is ridiculous. Hopefully, once Windows 7 is released and demand goes down, Crucial will decide to bring this product's price back down to the original mid $100 SRP.
R3SWJFM83YU1J8	adjudicated	1	The product took a long while to get to me, but I guess overall it seems to work well. I just recieved it today, so I will come back with another review soon. Oh yeah, my blue tooth head phones dont work with it wich kind of sucks, but we will see what else i can use it for.
R12BQTAZGI86KX	adjudicated	1	This is a nice keyboard, but it is missing the print screen (Prt Sc) Key.  I use that key all the time to share information with people.  I would trade any of the Blue features under the function keys for the Print Screen key.  For example, the lock key, or the email key, or Home key, or the mute volume key, etc.
R2ZB1SGH5QS185	adjudicated	3	Because of the design of this unit, the suction cup will not come loose from the windshield no matter how heavy your tablet may be.  This is a great safety feature for your tablet.  However, because the arm needs to lay on the dash, it does move side so you need to Velcro it down to keep it stationary.  It's a nicely made plastic unit with several adjustment points.  I use it with a 1 1/2 lb. Asus 10.1 inch Transformer Tablet and it holds it nicely but with some vibration over rough roads.  I now have a 10 inch navigation device with weather, traffic, gas prices, rest areas and music, all at my finger tips.
R3Q2SP43ESMUIH	adjudicated	2	I deducted 2 stars from this product because the USB port cannot be used to share a hard drive over a network.  I found out only by trial and error that it's really only for printer sharing.  I still get some use out of the device though, as I enjoy the benefits of Airplay to my stereo system.  Plus I use it as a wireless adapter of sorts (via the ethernet port) for my Directv receiver.  This allowed me to move the Airport Extreme Base Station away from the entertainment system.  It serves 2 of the 3 functions that I hoped it would, which is why it's a keeper.  I keep hearing rumors that later firmware updates may include external hard drive sharing support(?).  We'll just have to wait and see...
R87OU048TQJ6Z	adjudicated	2	I love the case ! Also on that note I can only give three star because it started peeling on the side where the black lining is. I even keep my ipad in the case in a bag. So the wear is minimal. If you use this as your main case .. It will slowly fall apart..
R3INNTBUY6AGAD	adjudicated	2	This product is not really an iPad sleeve (a little bit too big) but for the price, it's not bad
RBUKGZ2VLOIOC	adjudicated	3	The case is fantastic, does exactly what I bought it to do, covers my macbook nicely although the bottom part of the case doesn't cover the back corners of my macbook pro which isn't very good because they will be the first to get scratched if anything is to happen. The colour is lovely and just what I wanted. Reason for the low review is because of the seller, they sent me the wrong product at first, it was the wrong colour and size. However they did send me the right one free of charge I just had to wait a few more weeks to get it. All in all lovely product that is worth the money considering it is protecting a $3000+ machine.
R1F3Z1KQU8UI87	adjudicated	3	Mixed review. The case is very good looking with good magnets and good material. But the case didn't fit my HDX 7' (2013) kindle. It's kinda disappointing since I really liked the material and the look of it. I don't wanna go through the hassle of returning it and looking for another cover. But I really think the seller needs to try these covers on the kindle before selling it or even shipping it.
R3G8C80F8F0RCV	adjudicated	3	While it is very cool being able to separate the bag from the based I am concerned about the durability. The bag is high quality but the base feels cheap and the wheels don'r roll as smoothly as previous bags. I am a frequent traveller and I feel teh base is not going to last long :( I hope teh based is replaceable.
R3PWU9PAVPK0AO	adjudicated	2	I like that it is a USB connectible keypad, two additional USB ports and it works well.  I wish it had a tab key insead of triple zero's, it would make my job easier.  That would be the only issue I have with the keypad, I wish I observed the lack of a tab key before I made my purchase, it would not have been one I would have got.
R3P6GQFFSX5Z38	adjudicated	2	I just got this today. I put this on my TF101. Seems to have a good fit. One thing I dont understand is the build of it. Why in the world did they cover the left speaker? Why? I dont get it? There are open slots everywhere. But they missed it on this. Why? We may never know. Also the snap on the dock doesnt snap on in place on  both sides. Just on one. I will contact them for this. Right now I am 50/50 onwhether I should keep it or return it.
R21E4Q398AF3R8	adjudicated	2	I'm not going to go through the trouble of returning it, but in retrospect I would not have purchased this product. The pad is quiet, but that's only because the fan is so weak. My laptop runs pretty hot and it blows air out of the top left corner, so that's where it heats up the most. The pad doesn't do a great job of effecting that area unless I shift the laptop to one side of the pad, which is just awkward.<br /><br />I haven't seen a cooling pad that seems much different from this one in terms of build and where the fan is directed, but I'm definitely going to upgrade once I do find one.
RVW2KXD5GKUBQ	adjudicated	4	Product quality is good. Good looking and feel. Design is flawed in the slant position.<br />The product holds the tablet too straight up to read and wright. On that angularity it is needed to raise it at almost to eye level to be able to wright and read with some comfort. The tab &#34;holder&#34; in the folio back is placed too low. It should be placed about 0.500&#34; to 0.750&#34; higher on the back of the folio to increase the angularity of the tablet. That way placing it on the top of any regular height (29&#34; to 30&#34;) desk or table and sitting on a regular chair we would be comfortable reading and writing on the tablet without using the an extra detached keyboard. You can say... then buy an external key board. Well if I bought this one was to be able to travel as light as possible without too many extra items to carry.
R18JCHKAZHX0H5	adjudicated	3	I bought the Kindle Touch for my wife from Amazon. The instructions say that if I bought it from Amazon, it would be preconfigured for my account. This was not the case. I got a Kindle that had somewhat of a charge, but no information. I proceeded to enter in my account info and connect it to my wifi. Everything \\"seemed\\" to work, but when my wife went to download a book from the Lender's Library (I have Prime), the book just sat in the pending state. I wasn't sure how long it should take to download, but after 24hrs and still in pending, I figured something was wrong. I tried hard rebooting, which didn't work. I tried disconnecting/ reconnecting my wifi and that didn't work either. I then did a factory reset. That restarted the kindle, but on the load up screen, it just froze. I then did another hard reboot and that finally fixed everything. I input my info and the book began downloading immediately.<br /><br />My other gripe is that it's slow to accept inputs. I put in a passcode and I have to wait at least a count of 2 before putting in the next digit. It's just really slow on accepting keyboard inputs. Overall, I would go with the Kindle Fire since it's supposed to have a faster processor.
R14V97DU6DN31S	adjudicated	3	When I first received it in the mail (shipped very quickly), I was incredibly excited for it. I had a speck one and was immediately in love with this one more. This has features that the speck one didn't have-with its stand, it could stand vertically and horizontally; also, rather than just a peg to stand it up (only horizontally like my speck), it has an entire slot (I hope that makes sense). Also, it rotates. Also, it has an entire plastic backing rather than just 3/4 of it. It has some very nice features. The cover of it is thick so I felt as if my screen were protected. However, 2 months down the line, the thing is falling apart. The outside print (very cute and unique print I might add) is coming off from the hard plastic. the corner is chipping off, leading me to believe that in just a few months my iPad is going to fall out. In theory, it is an excellent iPad case. It still has features I really love, but as of right now, I'm not satisfied because its breaking after less than two months.
R30VMJJA9ST8HO	adjudicated	1	Should have read it more carefully  - Was only for 1 cufflink!?#***  Seller, re-think this  - Men have two cuffs  - just sayin....
R21NO7CCUHNY5K	adjudicated	2	I ordered this before my vacation to read at the beach. Under an umbrella in the shade its okay,  but in the sun, you still can't see anything except your reflection. I still like it because it protect the screen and I don't have annoying fingerprints all over but I really wanted something for the glare.
R1QM3764DZFO8W	adjudicated	3	... because this is more of a 3 1/2 star item here.  First off, the price was good - $112 for a 22&#34; high def monitor is pretty decent - and from straight on, stuff looks very good on it.  Back-lighting is even and bright, and the colors are nice and vibrant.  The problem comes up when you drift off to the side and everything starts turning yellowish -- something my 22&#34; high def TV set never does.  To be fair, it's only annoying on a screen that is mostly white (like the review page here at Amazon) - with colorful screens it's not as obvious.  The other annoying bit is the buttons for the menu - they're some sort of touch sensitive thing, and they don't always trigger the way you want them to.  I also cant seem to actually adjust the brightness and contrast, I can only switch between &#34;normal&#34; and &#34;eco&#34; modes.<br /><br />Still, low cost, and quick delivery makes it better than the 3 I could give it...
R2D280W9VDHEPS	adjudicated	3	This is a very good leather holder.  However, the prop in the back is so stiff it will bend your fingernails back just pulling it to slide the prop in.  Also, there should have been an elastic band to keep it shut.  The magnetic closure is good, but it would have been better to be more secure.  If I could shop around again, I might have gotten a different holder.
R2HRH1YMX07MBZ	adjudicated	2	A decent GTX 750 Ti video card, you need a 6 pin PCI-E connector, not sure why because there is not a lot of GPU overclocking to be done. Take a look at the EVGA GTX 750 Ti cards before you make a decision.<br /><br />Knocking a couple stars off for the Asus rebate policy. Don't count on the rebate when you are considering price.
RYMXE71MP5024	adjudicated	0	For baby fingers.
R35L6R5L4O8QPX	adjudicated	1	These are OEM drives with NO FACTORY WARRANTY.<br /><br />Amazon did not allow my original review, because they said my review wasn't about the item, but when the item is advertised as an Enterprise Drive (meaning a five year factory warranty) and that's NOT WHAT YOU GET, then I AM reviewing the product.<br /><br />Buyer beware.
R3A6W3QILP0WFY	adjudicated	0	Was not what I ordered, but it is all taken care of. Thank You for talking with me will shop again .
R2LWJIDH2OZGZC	adjudicated	2	It's tight on your head, but it installs easily, and does the job well.. I get clear Skype communication with it.
RRX1LVO49RDRJ	adjudicated	2	Nice cover.  The problem I have with it is the hands-free feature.  My Nook HD won't stay in the grooves...it only takes a little jostle to cause my nook to fall.
R2OUJHI1OH70CE	adjudicated	2	This is a good product, but on one hand there are cheaper options, and on the other is a little big which made the installation more difficult with my WD TV Live Plus.  When trying to insert it into the back of the WDTV the adapter strikes on one side. I had to sand one side of the adapter to make it fit in.
R3RBXNPS2R3HG1	adjudicated	3	I use my note 8 mainly for work, at which I take a lot of notes.  I really enjoy the writing and pen feature of the device, but the battery life and the overall performance of the device makes me jealous of others that are at work who mainly have ipads or ipad mini's.  The overall user experience is a bit choppy.  Some apps that exist on both ipad and android tablets work smoother and faster on my colleagues' ipads (accessing hospital electronic medical records), and there just seems to be more support for the ipad versions of things than android.  This isn't a knock on all things android.  I like my device and plan to continue to purchase android devices (probably beyond Samsung now).  I just wish this device were snappier and the battery performance were better.  To give an example of the battery being poor, I've once unplugged my device at 6am after charging overnight, and by 10am, the battery was in the red after using the pen to write some notes for about 2 hours at 50% brightness.  It's a weird issue because it doesn't always happen, but does occur occasionally.<br /><br />The overall feel that I'm getting with this device is like when I first bought a Galaxy S1 (Verizon Fascinate) and felt that it lagged behind the iphone version at that time but after upgrading to the Galaxy S3, the device felt much improved and much more on-par with the iphone version at the time of the S3 release.
R3JITRM8ABG4DN	adjudicated	2	This item worked and could probably be used for some applications but it did not really meet my needs.  I purchased this to connect my home audio system to my home network and the internet for streaming music.  It did not seem to do a great job keeping up with the songs that I was streaming from my desktop computer.  I am sure that it would work for the random update or changing settings on the audio receiver but I would not recommend this item for streaming any type of audio or video.
R2GEL3O35W3XGW	adjudicated	2	I get that I only paid $30 but it also says 720p. I expected better picture quality from that. I'll keep it as it does the job just fine but I'd have spent more to get a sharper image. Probably just fine for most people who want to talk but if you are recording do yourself a favor and get one of logitechs more expensive options.
R1FJ6QYJOG2TI8	adjudicated	3	First: [Service] Battery arrived quickly and nicely packaged. Although, not identical to the original, it fit perfectly and everything. Honestly, you really can't tell the difference unless inspected closely. So if you are worried about mis-matched color or it not fitting...you won't have that issue with this battery.  Second:[Battery] The original battery for a 2008 era MacBook Pro would need to have the adapter connected the whole time. If not, it would shut down within seconds. So, I decided to get a replacement. Looking over prices and such I decided on this particular battery. Works and fits, but doesn't hold much of a charge. Depending on what I'm doing on the computer it lasts about an hour, sometimes less.   The computer is used mostly for CG (computer graphics) work and some gaming. Doing either drains the battery much faster than if I were just surfing the web or checking email. So, if that's all you will be doing (email and such) than you may be able to squeeze a little more charged up time from the battery. Either way, it still dies pretty quickly compared to my other laptop. However, I will say, although it doesn't hold more than an hour charge at least I don't have to keep the charger plugged in the whole time.
RLL1BODR0WI7X	adjudicated	3	I have to give the designers credit for trying because there is nothing good to choose from right now in an attractive and functional case for my Xoom.<br /><br />This case is built well but it comes with a price tag and extra weight.  It is very uncomfortable to hold but the adjustable stand is really well designed. All the Velcro makes it look like a cheap salesman portfolio.  Most importantly though, having a case that adds noticeable weight just wont due.<br /><br />I will patiently wait for something better so here is your invitation, keep inventing. Make it light, functional and give it style please!
R3BR7IDJZ80E0	adjudicated	2	Everything about this monitor is as described.... except for the 2mm bezel. Yes, it is true the plastic frame around the screen in only 2mm. It appears to be edge to edge screen when off, but when you look close or turn it on.....there is an internal black border beneath the screen measuring another 1/4 inch or so. I don't understand why manufactures are having such a hard time making a turn edge to edge monitor?
RG6V1WQIYAOEF	adjudicated	4	I bought a Speck case for my 2010 MBP.  A couple of weeks later, I bought an Incase hardshell, and sold the Speck case.  The price was about $20 more for the Incase, but it was well worth it and I'll explain why.      There are a couple of issues with the Speck case.  First, the Macbook Pro uses the aluminum as a way to dissipate heat.  That is why the bottom of the case gets hot.  That's also why the MBP is so quiet, because it doesn't need 3-4 fans like a PC laptop.  People that complain about the bottom of the MBP getting hot seem to not understand this key concept.  On the bottom of the Speck case, you can see prefabbed slots that are there for ventilation.  However, only the slots on the left corner are \\"drilled\\" all the way through.  This makes no sense.  Yes, the left back side of the MBP does get hotter, but why have prefabbed holes etched in the plastic, but only have 25% of them actually usable?      Second, the bottom part of the Speck case attaches in 4 places.  When you look at your MBP upright, and in use, the Speck will clip onto the front left and right sides next to the palmrest areas.  The Speck case also clips at the back right and left corners.  That's great and it's fine if you have a 13\\", but on a 15\\" when you flip over your MBP and look at the Speck case attached to the MBP there most likely will be \\"bowing\\" along the whole backside where the hinge is.  Plenty of dust and debris can creep up between the Speck case and the bottom of the MBP. The fit is just not snug.    Incase on the other hand solves both of these problems.  Incase has vents that go across the ENTIRE bottom/backside.  Therefore the MBP can vent properly.  Second, the Incase bottom doesn't clip on the back corners, instead it's got one large clip that clips across the entire hinge on the back of the MBP.  This eliminates the \\"bowing\\" and thus makes the bottom of the case fit better than Speck.    Another thing, the rubber feet on the Speck case are made of plastic.  When you'reusing your MBP on a smooth surface, it will slide around.  The Incase has rubber feet.  I haven't had any issues with my MBP sliding around (I put it on a Ikea laptop stand that I can bend at a 30 degree angle, and it still stays put).    One last thing.  The inside of the Speck case is rough and the one I ordered had a few sharp pieces of plastic that weren't shaved down.  I had to sand them down for fear of scratching the metal of my MBP.  Incase on the other hand has a smooth surface on the inside which is the same as the surface on the outside.      Yes Incase cost a bit more, but trust me (I've had both), it's well worth the extra investment.
R9SLRMQ82MAEN	adjudicated	2	I misplaced my unifying reciever for my logitech keyboard that worked flawlessly with my android phone. This one would not pair without a driver download which is not available for android. Im sure it would have worked if I was a little more computer savvy. Im sure this works fine with all products by logitech. Just be aware of this if you only use for an android device.the return shipping is over half what the product is worth so it was just wasted money unfortunately.  Things like this will make me shop a little tighter on amazon for that very reason. Not everything is a free of cost return.
R2UMFWQUW7Q4OM	adjudicated	3	I occasionally work in a dim environment, so I bought these stickers for my laptop.  They DO stand out much better than my normal keyboard's lettering did and I was able to see my keys very well. They're fairly easy to apply if not a bit time consuming; I was able to remove and realign stickers if I didn't get it right the first time. If you're concerned, this did come with a sticker for every single key except my \\"Fn\\" button.<br /><br />That being said, I've had mine for a little over a month now and my frequently used key stickers are wearing out: 'A', 'E', 'C', and 'SHIFT' now have white spots on the keys.  Soon it's going to look silly and I'm going to have to peel them off and work on getting rid of the adhesive residue, which I don't look forward to.<br /><br />Long story short: great if you use it on a keyboard for moderate use. Not good if you use it for a work or student computer/laptop.
R1AWO43165SM5D	adjudicated	1	The background is far from white, closer to grey.  It also has a glare from the lamp/other light source, which you wouldn't experience in a printed book.
R1I4F8BNCE601E	adjudicated	3	I bought this luggage because I really trust on Samsonite products, but this is pretty bulky bag, it's way too square, but I am using it.<br />It's not exactly what I was looking for, it works well for papers, lap tops and tablets.. I use to have a softer bag, that's why I am a little bit disappointed. But the quality is great!
R36KE0VWSPW2H5	adjudicated	4	The Creative Soundblaster X-Fi Surround 5.1 Pro is a high-quality, great-sounding external USB soundcard.  In addition to the drivers, the equalizer software is pretty top-notch and allows you to really fine-tune the sound getting piped out to your speakers/headphones.<br /><br />Two flaws, one small and one big:  first, the front of the device has a built in blue-LED light which I found frustratingly bright-distracting.  I'm kind of anal about my workspace, but I often work at night in dim light and the LED (device stored at head-level) often seemed almost laser-pointer bright, enough so that I eventually moved the Soundblaster to the floor behind my computer.  The 2nd problem - which I was surprised to see nobody mention - is that the sound card picks up audio interference from some usb wi-fi adapters.  I have no idea why this is, but placing the device anywhere within 2 feet of my computers USB wi-fi receiver caused it to produce crackling/popping sounds until I relocated the adapter. Just something to keep in mind; it may be that only my specific Belkin adapter has the effect.  It took several infuriating hours of hissing and popping in my headphones before I was finally able to decipher that as the source of the problem.<br /><br />Now that I have everything set up so as not to interfere, however, I'm really happy with the sound that this product generates.
R3Q8KRM0SL3VWH	adjudicated	3	Product came with a hole in the back for the Apple logo as mentioned by previous reviewers unlike what is shown in their pictures.  I thought those reviewers had an axe to grind...but it is true.  Not worth the trouble to send back.  For what I paid, the overall product was still worth it.  Wish the sellers would have been more upfront about the actual product I was going to receive.  Originally I wanted the blue color but decided against it because the picture showed the cutout for the Apple logo in the back which is what I DIDN'T want.  Good luck receiving what is described!!
RDRHH75QJS3HL	adjudicated	3	I wanted to use this keyboard with more than one device, pairing as needed.  The first inconvenience is the pairing button is one of those that you need to use a pen or toothpick to press, or paper clip.  Those kind of buttons are not meant to use routinely and are very inconvenient, especially since the power button is positioned so you do not accidentally push it so why not make the pairing button easier to use while not being in the way?    I was able to pair this back and forth about 10 times, and now the pairing button doesn't do anything no matter how long I push it in or what I use.  I can push harder with a pin or try different pokers but that would only break it more.  Luckily the pairing button broke with the keyboard paired with my computer I actually wanted to use it with.  Another issue is the folding keyboard doesn't seem to be stay flat if in your lap because it folds, but that could be my fault not knowing how to lock it but didn't see how to make it lock in the open position.    All that said it works great once paired and if you have a flat surface to use it on.
R2D8XWKJOBFJ6L	adjudicated	3	I got this as an external keyboard for my Macbook.  I am a fast touch typist.  I tested it last night for the shift-key stickiness people have been complaining about.  Definitely no longer an issue, at least with the keyboard I received.  However, there is a peculiar lag when typing that I have never noticed with other external keyboards, e.g., Kinesis.  Is it hugely noticeable?  Well, I guess it depends on whether you pay close attention to screen as you're typing.  If you type quickly and watch, it's obvious.  It does bother me but I haven't decided how much; I suspect it will drive me crazy when programming but I've only used it for text editing so far.  Oddly, my older and larger external Thinkpad Keyboard with the numeric keypad doesn't have this problem but that's too big to carry around.<br /><br />The real problem is there is no Lenovo driver to control TrackPoint speed and sensitivity for Macs.  Its speed is directly linked to mouse speed in the preferences panel.  This is a shame, as the TrackPoint experience is not remotely as elegant as it is on a Thinkpad.  But, it does work albeit somewhat stiffly.<br /><br />So, bottom line: The physical typing experience is much nicer than using the native Mac chicklets.  (Mac keyboards are tolerable but I use external Kinesis keyboards at home and at the office; I type enough that I want a \\"real\\" keyboard.)  I'll likely keep this but I'm not sure if I'll travel with it.
RJ9VRYDJJGAH7	adjudicated	2	These are OK, I wish the lightning connector was a little tighter.  It doesnt charge from all angles - you have to have the phone placed the right way... I dont have this problem with the apple branded cables.  Not complaining, they were cheap!
R1T6WCLAL47169	adjudicated	1	I needed to go from eSata port on my computer to a USB3.0 on my external HD. Wouldn't work for it. One way traffic on this device.
RL7B46P3GV8S2	adjudicated	1	Quality build. Fits Kindle Fire 7 perfectly. Good padding. Taking off a few stars because the first one arrived very obviously used. It had significant wear marks on it. They were very obvious and visible. There is no way this could have been missed when the item was packed. Fulfilled by amazon so I'm not sure who to blame here. If you get one that is new you'll be satisfied with the price/quality.
R3TUSKCD5R9YSA	adjudicated	3	It does catpure with great quality, but I did not realize how much of a pain it would be to capture. If you plug in your HDMI from your game system into the game capture, then you cannot play your game or even use the game system unless the game capture is on.<br /><br />The only way it turns on is if the HDMI from your system is connected to the box, the HDMI from the box to your TV is connected, and if the cord that connects the Box to your PC is plugged in, and your PC needs to be turned on and open to the editing screen. Then your capture box will turn on and work, which will allow the data to flow to the TV so YOU CAN ACTUALLY SEE THE GAME ON YOUR TV<br /><br />I did not know that it had to be that difficult. My PC computer is not set up close to my TV, so I had to use my Laptop instead, which is leaving cords completely stretched out. It's a pain, and I am not so pumped to use it.<br /><br />THIS EXPECTS THAT YOU PLAY COMPUTER GAMES ON THE SAME SCREEN THAT YOU PLAY YOUR XBOX OR PS4. IF YOU DO THOSE SEPERATLY, THEN YOU SHOULD FIND ANOTHER ALTERNATIVE UNLESS YOU GOT A LAPTOP, OR ARE WILLING TO REORGANIZE YOUR HOME SETUP<br /><br />It does stream games very well and does capture games quite well. It also has a good editing program.<br /><br />DO NOT THROW OUT YOUR BOX WHEN YOU GET IT, UNTIL YOU GO ONLINE AND DOWNLOAD THE PROGRAM
R1X61988C39HBC	adjudicated	4	[[[UPDATE August 14th 2014. To make it short: The Toshiba Qosmio failed in my Latin American Country after the first day of full use. It became totally dead. Amazon was very helpful and fast and kind. Five stars. Toshiba too. I sent the Qosmio back to the USA, paid from our money the freight, and Amazon refunded me quickly the total original price. I must state that the machine was delivered inside the USA by Amazon, as far as I know Amazon cannot deliver laptops outside the USA ad that is why I paid the freight. The Toshiba dealer in my Latin American country said something about the warranty: Perhaps the Toshiba warranty for the Qosmio is not valid in Latin America (I am confused now). Amazon would even had paid a reasonnable fee for service here in my country but the damage was too serious according to the Toshiba people here and the Qosmio was sent back to the USA. Now I have the money back but I do not know if I will buy Toshiba again since I do not understand how the warranty works in Latin America. If I find out that the warranty works then probably I will buy again the same machine because it is outstanding. My confidence in Toshiba has been damaged but I repeat, Amazon has been outstanding in solving this problem ]]]<br /><br />And now back to the machine: I used Toshiba Satellite Notebooks for most of my life. I am just amazed by their quality. I used to be in contact with several machines and I am amazed by the quality of almost every Toshiba Notebook that I have been in contact with. My Toshiba Satellites survived falls, spills, etc. Once I was waving to a taxi and I forgot that I had my Toshiba Satellite in my hand and when I raised the hand the Satellite flew several meters high and landed in hard asphalt... The screen was broken BUT THE TOSHIBA WENT ON WORKING!!! It was absolutely mind boggling and since then I became totally in love with Toshiba Notebooks... I have seen so many NON TOSHIBA Notebooks fail with very little -or fail with nothing-.<br /><br />Toshiba Satellites are awesome but they do not have the best available screens. I was amazed at the Qosmio screen quality: The sharpness and detail is mind boggling. I do some photo editing. Thanks to the amazing Qosmio screen I realized that many of the photographs had imperfect focus, an imperfection that I was not able to realize before having the 1080p Qosmio screen. Before the Qosmio there was sometimes a problem with our photographs that I could never find out. But thanks to the superb Qosmio screen I realized that we were using inadequate contrast settings when editing the photos, my other computer inferior screen never let me see the error that we were doing. When you look from a different angle the Qosmio screen (perceived)  colors change little while the machine that I have used before the Qosmio has big (perceived) color changes when you look from a different angle.<br /><br />I lived the whole life from MS DOS to Windows and then to Windows 95, then going through the nightmare Windows 98 and then ending in Windows 7. It seems that every new Windows version was slower to start eventough machines got faster and faster. The Qosmio, thanks to its solid state disk, starts amazingly fast, just a few seconds !<br /><br />So far I do not like Windows 8. I dislike Windows 8 need to setup a Microsoft account but so far what I disliked the most was how Windows forced me to link my Skype Account to my gmail account and make both accounts accesible with the same password: No link, No Skype (probably there is a way to avoid this)<br /><br />Having a backlit keyboard is just GREAT because you can work in the dark. The red black color combination (the only one available) for me is kind of sinister but that is a very small annoyance. I would have loved green black, blue black or white green or blue.<br /><br />The sound is very very good, we watched several videos. It was just amazing. The speed is lightning fast. I think this machine is GREAT VALUE and SUPERB performance. I rate it 4 stars because it failed but it seems that that will be fixed pretty soonormance. I rate it 4 stars because it failed but it seems that that will be fixed pretty soone only one available) for me is kind of sinister but that is a very small annoyance. I would have loved green black, blue black or white green or blue.<br /><br />The sound is very very good, we watched several videos. It was just amazing. The speed is lightning fast. I think this machine is GREAT VALUE and SUPERB performance. I rate it 4 stars because it failed but it seems that that will be fixed pretty soon
R2VBSR41VJGHWE	adjudicated	1	This is a low quality tablet. First the colors on this tablet go crazy when you enter some apps/games. They go grey. But the shipping was fast. Everything was in the package.
RGTL6HBEOE1P7	adjudicated	2	It was a decent non-USB microphone. The quality was good enough for personal use, but was unacceptable for work. The most complaint was that I  sounded hollow or in an empty room. I have used the microphone in many different places on 3 different systems (1 pc, 2 laptops) but still had the same result. Eventually, there was a consistent buzzing sound that I could not remove (maybe about a year). I had since switched to a USB mic which was around $25 (about half year). Everyone said that the quality has improved significantly and have not had any complaints so far.
RT2M0Z2NN2EQC	adjudicated	1	I ordered the 32mb cache, 3.5inch 3gb/s SATA drive as pictured and described in the information.<br />When I received it, the box was correct, same model #, showed it was 3.5&#34;, etc.<br />However, inside the box was a 2.5&#34;,  64mb Cache HDD.<br />It was brand-new, etc, however, its not what I ordered.<br />Most people would be quite happy with this BETTER harddrive, however, I HAD TO HAVE the 32mb cache and no higher, because the device its going in cannot handle 64mb cache and does not work.<br />So, although the HDD might be a pleasant surprise for someone on the positive, for me, it was negative and I had to return it.<br />So when you open the sealed box they send you, make sure the HDD is the model that is shown on the box (and on the sale-description) as in my case, the HDD inside was a completely different model # and different specs.
RILAH3FIFAEUI	adjudicated	1	Overall quite good, except the EVA material of the tips. It is very easy to break, and I get a hole on it after using it for one week. I was expecting a silicone one.
R3BZPUWO85EE9B	adjudicated	4	This is a nice leather case in an Easter egg pink/purple color. It fits my Kindle Touch. Magnets hold the cover securely closed when not using the Kindle. The light is disappointing. It is heavy and difficult to insert and/or remove from the cover as the rubber covered metal stem is thick and does not slip easily into the tight space between the Kindle and the case. I had to bend the stem so the light would shine onto the Kindle screen and not at my eyes. It is was difficult to do, the metal stem is quite stiff. I wasn't even sure that was the right thing to do. It did not come with a guide of any sort. The light is very bright with new batteries but that doesn't last long as the batteries wore out quickly, about 3-4 hours of total use in 15-30 minute segments. I recommend buying extra batteries at the same time, it takes 2 - CR2032 batteries.
R1ROD0WX0WL0ZR	adjudicated	3	Big bright monitor. Sometimes too bright, and the settings seem to change on their own. Contrast and colors vary noticeably with the view angle, so finding the sweet spot that works for you is critical.<br /><br />My biggest gripe is the touch controls on the side of the monitor. The very top control doesn't seem to function correctly, so I have to use the &#34;remote&#34; to set up the monitor. Both the monitor controls and remote are slow and awkward, but fortunately you don't need to use them much.<br /><br />Overall, it's a decent monitor, but I'm not sure I would buy another one.
R3NJ3O76PJJI1O	adjudicated	3	THE GOOD.  1. Great screen.  2. Good quality feel.  3. Easy to use.  4. Amazon ecosystem.  5. Price  THE BAD.  1. Sometimes slow and clunky.  2. Touch screen frequently unresponsive.
R10NVCJXU3XT99	adjudicated	1	Worked as expected out from the box, and was expecting it to come with the additional adapter for demanding peripherals, but it wasn't included, still it's a nice part for when you have to work in older laptops
R2RCJNJFA35FK9	adjudicated	1	When its working its fine but it has many problem continuously going off line. Having to continuously restarting the wireless process is a drag.
R170NRIGIEX1MD	adjudicated	1	Where the hell are  set of proper instructions?<br />These must have been written by someone in a Gulag...who only spoke Mongolian<br /><br />Is there no website where a proper instructions may be found?
R33DSKQTOCP65K	adjudicated	1	Great quality, but there was no warning about NO VESA screws located on the back of the monitor. So when I got it with my vertical mount to mount my older Acer and this Acer on them and found out that this model doesn't have VESA Screws and no full back panel picture on amazon, I was quite mad but rigged my setup to work instead of dealing with restocking fees and shipping it back to amazon...<br /><br />***DOESNT HAVE VESA Screws***
R6RN2TSYUEWVD	adjudicated	3	The fan controller does not work out of the box. The pump still works and I am getting good cpu temperatures just by putting the radiator near the 200mm case fans on my HAF-X. I am waiting for my RMA to get a fully functional system. Hopefully that will have even better temps.   Corsair seems to have a couple of bad batches of these. There were a rash of complaints on their forums earlier this year which forced a recall of one batch, and this week they have another slew of complaints about the most recent batch.   Should be a good product based on my preliminary temps but their poor QC has me worried for the long term.
R3JZO88OZWN263	adjudicated	2	I got this to replace my original that came with my laptop.  While it does charge my computer, which of course was the goal, the plug doesn't fit snugly in my laptop so it often comes out.
R281DGQNHLILY	adjudicated	3	I bought 2 computers identical. They were Ok. Windows was not well installed and one of them had problems to &#34;wake up&#34; after it shuted down. I needed to call a Pc Doctor to re install everything on both machines. I'm not capable of doing it by myself.<br />One of the notebooks came with NO CD, just with a fake frame. I didn't realized when i was in the US (i live abroad) so now I can't do much.<br />The computers are ok, they worked, where delivered on time, but I would have prefered to received them well installed and with both CD reader.<br />Overall I would not recommend the seller to a friend. When I buy things I prefer not to worry about certain things...just use what i bought.
R1CJ3IWPD57O99	adjudicated	3	Seems to work as promised.  You can access only 1 card at a time.  The caps need to be redesigned so that they can be removed without squeezing them too tightly.  I broke my caps the very first time trying to remove them.  Still, for what it cost, I would still buy it again and file down the little teeth on the &#34;cap grippers&#34; so the caps would not hold so aggressively.
R3TFDR3YU9IVBI	adjudicated	2	It went on as advertised no bubbles, the high Definition is there. but the anti-glare is not present, I gave it a 3 because it fails in the anti-glare which I need in a large hall with overhead lights I can see the lights clearly which interferes with my view of my ipad. if Anti-Glare<br />is not what your worried about I would recommend this product.
R33U6NKVUXH8SE	adjudicated	3	The mousepad didn't work on the first laptop I received, then Amazon shipped me the 2nd one (rather quickly I might add).  No problems, so far.  It's alittle big and it takes a good while to start up.  I think the computer would function alot better if HP removed all of their software crap, but what are you going to do.  Descent computer.
R8BBW1811TIVR	adjudicated	2	i didn't want to spend a lot on something i would not use all that often so based on the reviews i picked these out. they arrived quickly and as far as quality there are no problems. the one problem i have however is that they are very uncomfortable and don't fit well. you get what you pay for and for that reason i really shouldn't complain but i would not recommend these to anyone who plans to use them a lot due to fit and comfort. otherwise a good inexpensive headset.
RGB9NE4ITY8VZ	adjudicated	4	I'm being nitpicky, but I feel I have the right to be with a $200 product.<br /><br />Overall the device works very well. Battery lasts for a very long time, screen is easy to read, plenty of brightness settings to find that perfect light wherever you are, plenty of room to store many books. I love no longer needing to use a book light, I was chewing through CR2032 batteries at a tremendous rate. Prime lender's library is a nice bonus, if it weren't for the 1-book-a-month limitation, but I digress....<br /><br />My biggest complaint is a lack of physical page-turn buttons. I frequently switch off my \\"holding\\" hand, and with my previous e-reader, a Nook Simple Touch, there were physical buttons on both sides that allowed me to turn pages one-handed no matter which hand was holding the device. Not so with the Kindle Paperwhite. If I'm holding with my right, no problem, if I've switched to my left I have to bring my right hand up to page turn.<br /><br />While I've read hundred of paper books, obviously, and dealt with this in the past, you can say I'm being overly picky.<br /><br />The device is also incredibly difficult to hold comfortably, I have very large hands, but the finish doesn't have much friction and the bezel is very small, my thumb is quite a bit thicker. If it wasn't for the case my wife ordered with it, which has a hand-strap behind it, I would've returned this immediately because I just cannot hold it comfortably one handed without the case.<br /><br />Special Offers cannot be removed with a gift card. I'm glad my card on file was invalid and my payment didn't go through when I tried, but I was annoyed I couldn't remove them with a giftcard.<br /><br />The library is very annoying to navigate through. I have upwards of 300 books on my device, and it takes me a very, very long time to get through them. For whatever reason, I cannot get my library to sort by Author's Last Name, my library was imported from my Nook, using Calibre to move everything to .mobi, and I've embedded author sort in the files. Lack of physical buttons to navigate the library often causes the device to register a short swipe as a tap, and opens a book it thinks I tapped on, rather than swiping through the library.<br /><br />The device needs frequent restarting. It seems to have memory problems (physical device memory) and slows down, much like a computer with a memory leak that's left on too long. Frequently it will lag for 1-10 seconds on page turn. Restarting every few days has kept this at bay.<br /><br />Between my wife and I we've owned a Nook Simple Touch, Nook Simple Touch with Glow, a couple tablets, and now this. This is, by far, my favorite to read on. Once you actually find the book on the device and open it, at least.<br /><br />Side Note: Our Nook Glow screen cracked one day inside my backpack. Research lead me to find it's very common and the glow screen is horrendously delicate. I settled on the Kindle because I read the Kindle developers actually abuse-tested the screen to make sure it could take an average tap without breaking. While a cracked glow screen doesn't stop the device from being readable with the light off, it causes light bleeding, making that entire section a bright spot. Reading that about the Kindle more or less sold it to me on the spot.
R3U7FQ3X7XIP3X	adjudicated	2	It might be just a case of incompatibility with my motherboard's SATA interface. (which I doubt it, as my motherboard is somewhat decent, the high end of gigabyte's offerings for Intel P45 popular chipset EP45-DQ6).     But in any case, I thought it might be helpful to point out that it does't work well over SATA (lots of corrupted files) when running under Windows 7 64bit (haven't tried it under other OSs)    However, it works very well via its handy built-in USB interface.
RWGJ83FVDBG2R	adjudicated	3	It's a good tablet but unlike it's predecessor the Kindle Fire you can't play certain videos that require a flash player and they don't offer the possibility to get flash player. Not real pleased with that after UPGRADING to the better HDX display. On my old Kindle I can watch videos with flash player . If you need the flash player this ISN'T the product for you.  Disapointed......
R5SJQP26IKDRF	adjudicated	1	This screen protector is crystal clear. This is okay if you do not use your tablet in bright lights or outdoors. I will be looking for an anti-glare screen protector because there is to much reflection.
R14NAQGUBKQROU	adjudicated	1	Since this is a video only device I thought linux drivers would be a non-issue, however not only did the manufacturer ignore linux, but even the community drivers are not mature yet.  My distro is arch.
R1R2F8EMJT4T5A	adjudicated	1	Great concept. If only it were more reliable. It works sometimes. This is my second one. I will try a different reader next time.
R2T73D9RHUD547	adjudicated	3	I was very satisfied with this bag until the fabric loop that the shoulder strap attaches to ripped off just a few months after purchase (and also just a few days outside of my return window with Amazon).  I'll have it repaired, but I was definitely not expecting this from normal use after so short a time.  I've also been using the bag with a 13&#34; Macbook Air rather than a Macbook Pro, so it was carrying a lighter load than it might have been.<br /><br />Otherwise, I appreciate the bag's qualities, particularly the outside Kindle pocket.  I'm able to keep my Kindle in a cover and it still fits.  My Macbook Air can slide around quite a bit inside, but I still feel it's well protected by the padding of the interior pocket.  I would have given this item a higher rating if the fabric loop hadn't torn.
RL1SB8KIRNZCI	adjudicated	3	Is advertised to fit a Gateway NV52, which Acer manufactures. However it does not fit as good as it should. Too hard to install and remove, as if you were going to break upon inserting. Too hard to take out, once it's in leave it. Good price but also the life expectancy or usage duration is less than 2 hrs. This battery was advertised with the proper specs. as opposed to some other sellers but even after going through the charge and discharge cycle exactly as the Manuf. suggests it is only better than what I had but not so good to call it an OEM replacement. The flanges are also sticking out on my model but like I said...  you get what you paid for. It came on time and all that, not so important data that they RATE on but whatever. I will be more cautious buying online.
R2M1MAUAQLDK7E	adjudicated	4	I use this laptop as my main computer. I chose to get a laptop over a desktop because I needed portability. As far as being a computer goes, it's fabulous. No complaints about the power of this beast. I dropped in a SSD not too long ago and enjoy the near instant boot times.<br /><br />I did have a problem with getting a broken motherboard initially which required me to ship it to an Asus repair center (at my own expense, +75$). That also meant I had an extra month added to the time it took to actually enjoy my purchase. I'm probably not buying from Asus again because of this.<br /><br />As far as being a laptop goes, it's pretty difficult to carry around. The power brick is gigantic. The laptop itself is huge also. As a result, I can barely fit it in my bookbag. If I'm carrying books, I usually can't bring the laptop with me. I wouldnt recommend this if you're traveling since carrying the laptop and the oversized power brick will wear you out!
R1NSD6NQU5SJNH	adjudicated	1	Make sure you know what U3 is and if you really want it. I bought this drive is Sept because I wanted a drive that does not have a cap to lose. It got really annoying have two drives show up every time I plugged the unit it. I used the launchpad utility to uninstall the U3 stuff, but no luck. Went to the website to download an uninstaller, but no luck. For me it is just an unneeded complication and an annoyance. I have spent several hours trying to get rid of something I did not want and have been completely unsuccessful. Great drive other than that!
RLKWPV1W3GRNV	adjudicated	1	It works but is not very stable unless it's on a table.  I do like that it works equally well vertically or horizonally
R2R6I3K9FU3SJJ	adjudicated	4	I have Verizon FIOS with the Actiontec MI424-WR that has 'G' wireless that Vz thinks is perfectly fine looking to the future and has no plans to upgrade. I can't just change it out because that router has the coax connection that distributes the on-screen channel/program guide to a couple HD-dvr's and an HD stb. So that router and the broadband WAN connection is in the home office at one end of the hacienda. At the far end of the place is a collection of networked entertainment pieces -- TV, home theater ensemble, mega-changer juke box, et al -- some of which have both usb (which could take wireless adapters) and RJ45 ports, except for one box. Sony, bless their hearts, think that RJ45 ports are still the only way to go, and that's all they included on their otherwise excellent 400-disc Blu-Ray juke box that catalogs your collection automatically via Gracenote. What I really need at that end is a nice simple wireless hub, but nobody seems to offer something like that, thus the need for a feature-laden router-cum-switch with WDS.   After a couple evenings on the web doing the research, it looks like ALL brands drive their 802.11n customers into two camps -- those who love the products because the setup was easy and/or the thing has been stable in operation, and those who hate the products because the setup was a nightmare and/or the thing has been unstable from day 1 or perhaps was stable for awhile but now it's not.  So, why am I choosing Trendnet? Well, it started with the generally positive comments from folks who have experience with the TEW-637AP. Then I just needed a router most likely to be compatible with that, thus the TEW-639GR. So they're shipping now. Five stars 'cause they can only go downhill from here. I'll try to remember to come back and report on the setup and operation later.  A comment (updated 11/2/2011) for those who have reported frequent connection drops: get the free app 'Wifi Analyzer' on your smart phone. It will help you with antenna placement and channel selection.  Post-installation update Feb 14, 2010:  So my application is somewhat oddball, but only a little, and so a top-down setup wasn't quite the right thing to do. A call to Trendnet hooked me up with Sean, an extremely knowledgeable and patient tech who got me going in the correct sequence adjusting settings so the TEW-639gr router would be recognized by the Actiontec router via the TEW-637AP, and I could hit the Internet from a laptop connected via RJ45 to the TEW-639gr thence wirelessly to the WAN over the wireless-n link we'd created. All of this was done while the two Trendnet devices were about 6 feet apart in my home office. Then I moved the TEW-639gr to its final location at the far end of the house, which is around 70 feet away straight-line, but 4 walls and quite a bit of furniture and other stuff apart in terms of intervening obstructions. Even with much fiddling with antenna positioning, and despite the successful passing of 1000-packet ping tests betweeen the Actiontec and the TEW-639gr, the performance of an 'n'-only link was simply dismal. I had to switch the pair to g/b mode, in which it covers this range with what we've come to expect as acceptable performance for streaming media. So, one star off for the inability to operate in 'n' mode over this relatively short distance. Will report back if any issues with long term stability or reliability.  Long-term update November 2, 2011:  My little WDS (Wireless Distribution System) network consisting of the TEW-639gr and a pair of TEW-637ap's has performed reliably in 'g' mode, but there's absolutely no way Trendnet has made these units to interoperate in 'n' mode with WDS enabled. Any single box will run in 'n' by itself, but no box will talk to another Trendnet box in 'n' mode. As late as May, 2011, their user guides continue to perpetrate this fiction. On the TEW-639gr, it helps to set the data rate to a fixed value, instead of letting it auto-negotiate, if you'll be streaming video through this box. 24Mb/s is plenty to stream HD video. No, a 'g' mode network will not support 54Mb/s continuous fixed rate. If you allow this box to auto-adjust the data rate, you will find your Netflix movie halting and restarting in a down-rezzed version frequently. Another star off Trendnet's rating for the interop problem. Eventually I'll be looking to replace this hardware with something else that actually does 'n'-spec.
R2W24CBD9BH9DV	adjudicated	3	I use the mouse on a MacBook Pro. The Synapse 2.0 software was easy to set up and configure the mouse. I set the keys to \\"Num\\" because the number keypad was mostly unassigned in the software and games I use. I have a few quibbles, though which keep this good mouse from being a great mouse. First of all, of course, it is incredibly ugly. Razer -- I don't know what these people are on, but all their products all look as if designed to appeal to 10 year old Darth Vader wannabes. Darth is last century, for crying out loud.<br /><br />Okay, the mouse itself is very responsive. The hex layout on the side is  great. I don't strain trying to reach any of those keys. However, the mouse 4 and 5 keys are very awkwardly placed, even if you use a claw grip (which itself is tiring). This might not seem such a big deal, but the mouse 4 and 5 keys are among the most frequently used keys in a lot of software.
R1BVAQQ4HF9D2B	adjudicated	5	As the iPad continues to have handwriting and note applications created for it, the demand for a high quality stylus will only continue to grow higher. I for one want to surrender my pad and paper forever. I use NoteTaker HD and found the Boxwave to be an OK product. First, it's only about 2/3s the size of an average pen. This makes it difficult to hold and clumsy. Secondly, the product lacks any weight which I personally feel doesn't provide the balance you need for proper handwriting. Next, it comes with a small plug to go into the headphone socket. While this is a neat idea, it's poor execution makes it virtually useless. Why not develop an attachment that stays on top of the iPad (like a holder) and you can snap the stylus in and out? In this case, you must have the little cord dangle while you write and then reattach it every time you put it down. Talk about a pain.     As for performance, the thin rubber tip does maintain contact well, but lack the precision I want from a writing tool. Compared to the other options out there, it's sad to say this may be your best option for now. Hopefully some product designer will realize ergonomics are important for function and long-term use. In the meantime, I'll have to continue using the BoxWave, no matter how reluctant I may be.
R1A4YE7WBBB7MJ	adjudicated	3	Durable case.  I saved me from plenty of drops.  Biggest down side is the cut out for the front cameras.  It is completely off alignment making the camera unuseable.  Not a deal breaker for me....(not big with skype)  but I pretty sure it would erk others.  The keyboard aspect is awesome.  All the short cuts and buttons work as they should.  I don't expect to be able to type like a normal keyboard and you won't but it does help versus the touch screen keyboard.
R28GH5726FIA9U	adjudicated	3	This mouse was great. It looks great, the LED's have the perfect amount of brightness, etc. but like many people have already said, after a few months the left button starts to double click, which is a pain in the butt if you do work in Photoshop or when you drag windows around. I would save up a bit more money and buy a different mouse with a longer lifespan.
R23SLQH5Q81NK5	adjudicated	2	It's annoying that this datalink doesn't have software that saves your connection. I have to put in the password each time I restart my computer. Also, sometimes it randomly won't connect.
R130R6DBQU19H6	adjudicated	2	The instructions that come with this are not all that helpful, and setup takes some work.  I found additional material on the web that got me going, and in the end it wasn't too bad.  I have this centered upstairs and base station is downstairs at one end of the house, have much better signal coverage of whole house now.  You will need some level of understanding of networks etc to make this work, but I'm not an expert and I got it done.
R1FKN6MVABNRBI	adjudicated	1	Ok for knocking around on the web but you can't watch youtube.  I would not have bought it if I had known that.
RAEYELT62H5I3	adjudicated	2	I bought this only because at the time of this review my Logitech keyboard no longer works with the Android 5.0.2 update. The Samsung keyboard works fine. The keys are a bit better than the Logitech. My biggest complaint is that I don't like the design where the tablet essentially just sits on the keyboard. It is nicer that the whole unit is thinner than when used with the Logitech keyboard but, I liked how the tablet securely fitted into the Logitech keyboard much better. This keyboard will work for now but, should a patch ever be put out to allow the Logitech keyboards to work again I will be switching back and this one will go in the closet.
R13JX1JX9IFA3S	adjudicated	1	Case is smaller than tablet, it cracked at the top from stretching too tight. Doesn't fit around one side.
R1QWRCQPJN4XJL	adjudicated	1	Works great. The only bad is that you have no way of knowing when the battery goes down. It just dies.
RRPTQIZHV6Y7G	adjudicated	3	I purchased two ASUS ET2020AUKK all-in-one computers with the AMD A4-5000 processor (detailed specs above as I purchased directly from Amazon); my intent is to use them as visual displays to run very basic software for advertising.<br /><br />I'm pleased with my purchase because they're a very cost-effective option for point-of-sale demonstrations; but that's about it.  I've spend three days messing around with both computers basically updating Windows (ugh), removing the ASUS bloatware and turning off all the stuff I won't need.  These things are SLOW.  Really slow...  for reference, I use a third-gen Intel i7 Toshiba and a fourth-gen i5 Lenovo laptop each with 4GB ram on the same wireless home network; this really shows the ASUS' age - or the inadequacies of the AMD A4 processor - depending on your perspective.<br /><br />These all-in-one computers are really designed for web surfing and light processing tasks, like looking at por- uh, pictures, writing papers, etc.  You will NOT even want to think about processing home videos or even watching high-def on this unit; it just doesn't seem to have enough processing power for higher demand home or business users.<br /><br />The good news:  the display is clear and bright, it does do a good job for what it's purpose is, and it's very cost effective for that at around $400 or so.  You just need to be honest with whether or not the bare essentials are what you want - because that's all this is.
RQ8CAHJWLEBJZ	adjudicated	1	It was not a Microsoft hard drive. Microsoft drives have backwards compatibility built in for older xbox games. If you are using only xbox 360 games, this is all you need at a fraction of the price of the genuine drive.
R11LT5EV8LOLVI	adjudicated	2	The laptop cooler seemed to be very well made. I never got to plug it in and test it though. I have an Alienware M17x (17\\"). I set the laptop on the cooler, and it immediately slid off. Something about the design of the laptop and the angle of this cooler just didn't mesh. I sadly returned it.
R3QL3JLCF0LMQR	adjudicated	0	It was just ok
R13D2JNQ74UCAP	adjudicated	2	The product is okay, you can't stand it up very well like shown in the picture, and sometimes there is a problem with the keyboard connecting.
R2GFNESVBVHNMG	adjudicated	2	The sleeve fits a 15 inch macbook pro very well, there is no room around the computer. However, the sleeve itself is very thin. More pricey alternatives will provide a significantly better protection. This sleeve will protect from scratches and smaller objects.
R2R8PAU8YQTI1X	adjudicated	2	Starts double tapping after 2-year use (click \\"space\\" once and actually input 2 spaces), really really annoying...Before the double tapping starts, the keyboard is really good.<br /><br />follow up:<br />It seems a common issue for this keyboard and I finally found a work-around. Since there is little you can do in Razer Synapse. You actually need go to keyboard setting in control panel (on a PC running Windows 7) to set the \\"Repeat Delay\\" to long. In this way, chances of unexpected double tapping will be much lower.
R266381OEL1PL4	adjudicated	3	I purchased this battery for my 2.5 year old Dell Inspiron 1440.  The battery fit perfectly and was the same size as my old one.  When I purchased my laptop the battery had around 4 hours of charge in it.  This new battery lasts less than 2 (which is much better than the 30 minutes my old one was down to).  I don't know if the problem is the battery or my laptop being more bogged down by programs now.  Just don't expect this to fix everything but it will definitely make it much better than a dying old battery.
RZQP6SHYIK9W0	adjudicated	2	I bought this to replace an internal PCI card on my RHEL-clone 5.5 Linux PC,  which uses a 2.6.18 Linux kernel.    Unfortunately the drivers in this kernel don't fully work for this device;  it's recognized and you can set the WEP encryption keys, but not the SSID.    I tried it with my Knoppix Linux DVD (with a 2.6.31 kernel) and it comes up  without a problem and all parameters can be configured with standard wireless  tools like iwconfig.    So this is a great solution if you need a USB-ethernet adapter for a recent Linux  kernel but not for the more widespread Linux distributions like RHEL 5.5 which  are still on 2.6.18.
R2MWT3EPJJOLMF	adjudicated	3	I love love love the fabric - very chic. The spine is too loose - it flops around and makes it clumsy. Love the inside pockets, wish there was a pen holder in there.  Just tighten up/strengthen the spine.
R3SHXOWPGZBKZA	adjudicated	2	Very disappointed with this product. The bottom metal part has these bumps on the side as if it was being to rust away. The inside middle piece the swirl prevention thing has rust on it. The clamps are dark green which works out well for me but others that would liked the black would have to paint it. This is a great reservoir with 250ml capacity with is good so you have enough liquid in your loop.
R3QATTARLL9CWW	adjudicated	3	I love the idea of this sticker. It does look great on my macbook. But I had a lot of trouble sticking it on the computer without having air bubbles. There were ton at first, so I tried to take it off and try again several times. Then many of the corners began to rip as I tried to remove the sticker and replace it. I finally got it on as good as it was going to be but there are still three air bubbles and now numerous ripped edges.
R379P5DG0PR1NN	adjudicated	1	Works fine but don't think it is authentic as I noticed several small differences when I compared the original cable with this. In the photo, the top cable is the one bought and bottom is the original cable that came with the mouse. Judge for yourself.
R2SRC5Y7MQ0U29	adjudicated	1	My oldest daughter has maxed the 8G storage space. How do you remove some of the downloads so she can download something else she wants? Is there any way to upgrade the storage space?
RT5BS3Q8LYWDH	adjudicated	5	Unlike the other reviewer, my case was assembled straight and perfect.  The mini fits in this case perfectly and it looks awesome, but IMO there are two flaws.  The first is no biggy, but still a concern.  The magnet for the screen auto on and off is not powerful enough.  Don't get me wrong, it does turn it off and on, but I can hear it clicking on and off just carrying it around.  It also like to flop open on it's own.  A more powerful magnet would make a huge difference.  I also have another case(not from Spigen) with the auto on/off feature that works perfect!  The cover stays tight to the screen unless you want it to open.<br /><br />Now, for the real flaw in this case, the rubber doohicky that lets you prop this case open to create a stand.  I'm talking about the oval shaped rubber piece on the inside of the front cover.  Don't get me wrong, it works as intended, but I am concerned about the long term effects on the screen and/or screen protector.  Almost immediately I noticed it leaving marks on my screen because the cover rests on the screen mostly on this rubber piece when the case is closed.  I have a Spigen screen protector that will save my iPad, but that $18 screen protector is going to get damaged by this rubber snubber in short order.  I would REALLY be afraid to use this case with a bare glass screen.  I have actually thought about cutting the little rubber off because the look and design of this case is awesome, but for now I'm not using it because of my concern for my screen.  This little rubber piece puts all of the pressure and wear from the front cover onto one small area, and that's no good.  Spigen, please change the design of this case.  All it needs is a little thicker cover with indentation slots on the inside front cover for the pad to rest in when it is propped up and a stronger magnet.  Those two corrections and you make the PERFECT case.<br /><br />I have a number of Spigen products and most are awesome, but this one needs work.  As I said, it fits and looks great, but its function is sub par.  This is a five star product for looks and quality with a two star deduction for functionality flaws. I really wanted it to be the perfect case, but it just isn't. Fix it and trade me for the revised product and I'll be happy to change this review!
R352WFUT3CRWR1	adjudicated	0	It;s insurance you really do not need but if you do it is great to have.
R2L7IGWHN59NKI	adjudicated	3	I had purchased this mouse to replace the one that came with my current computer (the left-click button was acting up).  Unfortunately, said computer is finicky and only functions reliably/properly when using a PS2 mouse and keyboard.<br /><br />I like the ergonomics of this mouse.  It fits my hand comfortably enough.  The \\"back\\" and \\"forward\\" browsing buttons on the left side are pretty convenient.  The sensitivity took awhile for me to get used to, even with the sensitivity adjustment button (which is a pretty nifty feature when one needs precision for an instant or so).  Unfortunately, after a month of owning and using this mouse pretty much daily, it seems that the scroll wheel has disengaged somehow.  I try to scroll up and down, and there's no clicking resistance (for lack of a better description) like before, and I can't scroll with the wheel.  I'm a little disappointed, to be sure, but I guess I should have seen this coming.<br /><br />I guess I'd better look into a replacement soon.  I can probably cope without a scroll wheel, but if that piece went bad on me this quickly, there's no telling how much longer this mouse will last.  If reviewers could give half-stars, I'd actually give this product 2.5 stars.  But I guess I'll have to make do with rounding up.
R353ROVGY8O0V4	adjudicated	1	The switched worked just like expected, but the cheap AV cable they included did not work simple fix and it works great!
R1RH2RKZHI97K0	adjudicated	2	This case keeps the iPad protected but the stand is not very sturdy. I have trouble finding just the right position to make it prop on it's own. I will use this case as a backup and probably be purchasing another case soon.
R2PETSN0KI1C62	adjudicated	2	I suppose you would get what you paid for on the replacement battery on Toshiba PA3672U-1BRS OEM.<br />Battery fits nicely on my E105-S1402 and has a slightly larger charge capacity than the OEM.<br />However, the battery charge already lost 6% of it's designed capacity within 48 hours of usage already.
R1EPO8TBYPI7OJ	adjudicated	1	When this card works, its GREAT!  However look it up and Dragon Age Inquisition, and you know why I gave this only 3 stars.  Right now there is nothing wrong with the hardware, but I don't like running Beta Drivers to get a game to work.
R3H1J6GFPZQNUW	adjudicated	2	I was having to many delays when using this in my camera. When it was working it was fine. But the mnin continue sliding out saying it was full when I know it was not.
R2A46OLP7R1T7	adjudicated	1	After following the recommended hinge method, the protector shifted down slightly anyway giving me air bubbles and difficulty pushing the main menu button. Will try again with the second protector in the package but wouldn't buy again if this doesn't work.
R2IQES70WNIZXK	adjudicated	4	I got this mouse because you can program buttons to do what you want. The mouse is nicely built but the sides slant inward towards the bottom, this causes my fingers to get tired or cramped. Someone with smaller hands may not have that problem, I got big hands.<br /><br />Now for the programming part. You can record your Macro and  include key strokes. The BAD thing is it runs the macro slow and misses steps. Before I got this mouse I was using Mouse X and I can tell a BIG difference on macro speed and Mouse X does NOT miss any steps in the macro. I am NOT trying to promote Mouse X, just telling the truth about the Macro feature of this mouse.<br /><br />The ONLY reason I am not sending it back is because it does work as a mouse just fine and I already threw my old one out. If you are a serious gamer and want a good mouse SKIP this one.
R26QPN90WE8CQG	adjudicated	2	it is rather unstable when using it, i have had to reconnect it several times almost at every use, so i scores 3 stars primarily because of the looks, not the functionality :( If only i could be fitted with a usb wire, so it would be stable to use....
R3RN6D35PGYS1	adjudicated	2	This device works well for the SSD in the 2012 MacBook Air. DO not attempt to use any others it will not work. My Macbook Air died and I needed the data. I removed the drive and was able to mount it using this storage solution, but I cannot use it for anything else besides this model.
R2TDKKL5C6IWQ2	adjudicated	1	I put this on my iPad, followed the instructions down to the T. iPad was brand new, right out of the box. There are two bubbles that I can't get rid of. Instructions stated it will go away In a few days. It's been 3 and still there. Would recommend but hopefully You have better luck installing than me.
RXC5LRUZ605DC	adjudicated	3	This is a good product - nevertheless...<br /><br />...when used as a range extender the Almond must be placed in a location that has a strong signal - the Almond will extend the signal it receives, but will not boost a weak signal - the instructions allude to this, stating the extender must be a reasonable distance from the router.<br /><br />Also, keep in mind the signal it extends is susceptible to degradation by walls or other obstructions that may be the origin of the need to extend in the first place.<br /><br />The bottom line is the user must place the Almond in just the right spot - this may be easy, or, in some instances, may be impossible.
R1HLASF3OM8LGN	adjudicated	3	The effectiveness of transmitter- receiver system does not so much define by length of antenna, as by concurrence antenna with transmitter-receiver. So, longer antenna is not mean better all the time.<br />I tried to use this antenna with my Gigabit High-Powered, Long-Range Wireless N300 Indoor Access Point/Client Bridge ECB350 2.4 GHz Frequency Band.<br />I have no equipment to measure power of transmitter’s emission, but my software allows measuring level of receiving signal.<br />The result is following:<br />Certain receiving signal with standard antenna (7 inch, 5 dBi) consist of -65 dBi<br />The same receiving signal with this antenna (14.7 inch, 15 dBi) consist of just -71 dBi<br />So, the native antenna of my device is about two times more effective than this extra-long one.<br />Conclusion: the native antenna, that going with wireless network device, is the best choice in almost practical applications. It conclusion is not apply to this antenna only, but to any other one too.<br />I gave to this product three stars for implementation only, and it does not mean any positive effect of its application.
RM80MEFK79Z14	adjudicated	2	USB drive works well for data transfer.  I knew the plastic ring would be trouble, and sure enough it broke after less than one week on my keychain.  they should make this loop metal, or include a cable of some sort in the packaging to relieve the destructive pressure on that loop.
R3PXRI86LQWYRS	adjudicated	1	I love this tablet, but I would not have bought it if I had known it would not support Adobe Flash player, which I need it to do for many of the things I bought it for. I thought I had done my homework on all the specs, but I'm very sorry I missed this.
R2NUQWKFVPMAXI	adjudicated	1	Don't bother to spend the extra $20 for the ad free version.  Amazon still pushes books at the bottom of the first screen.  I was especially excited to see the &#34;teenage&#34; suggestions since I haven't been a teenager in many many years.  Ad free is very misleading.
R16B0GHYBK7ZK1	adjudicated	1	We like the case and it protects the iPad but the back holder broke already and we only have it for a month, that is the only thing we are not happy about. So now we can't get it to stand.
R10DUFR31OAMGY	adjudicated	1	The cable I purchased is not the one pictured, and I can tell you why. It<br />is a 'bulk' style cable made by Belkin (I checked the UPC registry), NOT<br />the PRO Series pictured with the strain relief.<br />The PRO Series from Belkin has the strain relief, model numbers ending in<br />-S, e.g. A3L791-25-S purchased from Amazon. Be aware of this, I see other<br />reviewers complained also. The FastCAT 5e series also has strain relief,<br />e.g. part #A3L850-07KS-MOD. The 'S' in the part # means strain relief as<br />part of the manufacture. Look for this when buying Belden cables and you<br />won't feel deceived or burned by the seller, unless they ship the wrong<br />part number to you. In this case make sure what you're buying first. Even<br />so I had no problem using these bulk style cables.
R3OG8WRVDD0MIA	adjudicated	1	Would have given it 4 stars had the item description informed me that the power cord wasn't included.
RX8XI4RJ2IP28	adjudicated	2	I think this vendor should emphasize that there is not a AC adapter in the purchase and that it is strictly run by battery. My office ordered one similar to this one, but the company included the AC adapter, so I expected for this one to have one also.  Then, to complicate things, we tried to find an AC adapter through the Creative TravelSound, they could not help us.  We had to search around a bit to find other sources, and found that if we did order one it would have cost us an additional $40 or more.  After looking around we found that a local Walmart had an adapter that would fit this model.
R1DFXBVVOI2OBR	adjudicated	4	The drive itself works very well.  I have backed up a ton of pictures and videos with no hiccups and have been able to read CD's and DVD's.  PowerDVD 10 DOES NOT work with Windows 8, so I am unable to watch Blu-ray movies with the drive.  You can upgrade to PowerDVD for a &#34;nominal&#34; fee of $39.99, but I was hoping to be able to use the included software that came with the drive.  I have verified that the drive does play Blu-ray discs with other paid software, but I haven't found a free one that works.  All of the software out there is between $30-$100, and I can buy a Blu-ray player for my TV for less dough.
ROTKXTNPF0TEG	adjudicated	1	My son loves it but we have to get more memory, he was only able to download 3 games.
R1DWBVXTLR72FT	adjudicated	2	The product information for this device says that it is compatible with the A500. It is not. The connector at the bottom of an A500 is completely different from the connector on this device. It's probably a great keyboard--certainly has a nice feel. But it is not compatible with the A500 as advertised.
R3OS1GEBMVWP60	adjudicated	3	Good quality, aesthetically pleasing and easy to install on a Asus Impact mini ITX board. Because of space limitations with my build, I am only using one fan, exhausting air out of the case. The average CPU temp is 30C, however I haven't had a chance to overclock and evaluate cooling performance. I need to RMA the board, and I had issues removing the cooler because of the back plate.
R14IM3OOKMLGIT	adjudicated	0	works just fine but way over priced.... not that i have found them cheaper, because i havent.
RI756TRH464ER	adjudicated	1	Just ordered my 3rd of these. The first one lasted several years. The second I bought under a year ago and for some months now the cloth that covers the gel pad has been coming off. Has now become very uncomfortable - hence order for replacement.
R3J6D4XUG2UKER	adjudicated	1	I work with 3 widescreen 23\\" monitors. I use 1920x1080 resolution.  I was very disappointed that the resolution was restricted to 1280x1024 with the USB adaptor.  This makes it hard on my eyes to work from all 3 monitors where 1 is at a different resolution than the other 2.  It was very easy to get working and have had no issues other than this resolution restriction.
R2CULM8J3VM39M	adjudicated	3	The fan doesn't spin too fast and as a result gives a nice gentle cooling. If you own a 17&#34; like I do, skip this. This is solely for 16&#34; and below. The laptop will not stay on. I do appreciate the LED lights because the brightness is according to fan speed.<br />One thing I don't like is how cheap it feels. It looks and feels like it could break at any minute. The instructions are only in Chinese (says a lot about the quality) but it's simple to use. Overall, for a 14&#34; cooler it does its job.
REUDT66UAT2BV	adjudicated	3	I like the on-the-fly dpi switching on the bottom. It really came in handy when a game decided to give me molasses mouse in the middle of a heated battle against alien ant crabs.<br /><br />The Razer is smaller than the Microsoft Wheel Mouse Optical I used previously and I can't say that's a good thing. This doesn't feel as good.<br /><br />Recently (I've owned this for two months) the middle button / scroll wheel started squeaking. How annoying is that? Um, I guess I can live with it, but my previous mouse never developed a squeak over its seven year span.<br /><br />Maybe it's a feature! A squeaking mouse! Ahhh...
R3AO41BERJJMUT	adjudicated	2	I gave this tablet ultimately to my daughter and got me a nexus 7 instead.  Here is why.  This tablet is good but it is slow and I mean noticeably slow.  I am used to Asus tablets and I have had great experience with them, I have a Samsung S3 and love it, but this tablet is just slower than anything.  It looks good, feels good, but it is a good starter tablet if you ask me.  Also, the 8gb of ram is definitely a constraint.  Believe me, you will fill that up quick.  Again, not a bad buy, just keep in mind there are other tablets that are better.
R3IXMFKOJRQKJG	adjudicated	1	Stand feels a little cheap and wobbly. So far it has done what it is designed to do though.
R3QT0OMSBH3Q8R	adjudicated	2	I have heard so many great things about Pelican products in the past, so picking up this memory card case was a no-brainer for me. It works mostly fine - except for a couple tweaky things:<br /><br />1 - It is REALLY, REALLY hard to open. I'm hoping it will 'break in' a little, but I actually nicked my knuckle trying to open it.<br /><br />2 - You have to watch how you put the cards in the slots so you don't smash the foam. My CF cards JUST fit in each space, which is fine, but sometimes I wind up smooshing the foam edges a little, which might eventually wear down and cause the cards to not fit as nicely.<br /><br />All in all, I think it's built well, and does a fabulous job at protecting my memory cards. I just wish I wasn't afraid of injury every time I try to open it.
R3VQQIGIYGWJ0O	adjudicated	3	I wish I had phyically seen this netbook before buying it.  The individual keys are this netbook is just too tiny compares to other netbooks.  I also own a HP mini 1010 netbook, and this idealpad's keys are only about 75% in size compares to the HP.  It makes very difficult to type.  The overall built quality seems decent and the screen is bright enough.   The unit also does not seem to run hot and it stays very quite.   The 6 cell battery that comes with the unit is a big plus.      Bottom line, if you are not going to do alot the typing, then this unit is fine.  However, if you do, then you better off consider some other brands.
R3A3XM0JKIMRWF	adjudicated	2	Not very bright and the bendable portion of the light is not sturdy enough to keep the light in the same position for any length of time.
ROGH03V94FD51	adjudicated	3	Bought this unit back in Feb 2013 and had been using it with both a 2.5 and a 3.5 SATA drive inserted. I really only used the 2.5 SATA drive for data and left the 3.5 drive alone as a maintenance drive, only intending to use it for data swapping and such. one year later I started to use the 3.5 drive slot and started to lose data on transferring to that drive. Being stupid, I blamed the WD Drive first. Duh, it was the 3.5 inch drive slot not the Hard Drive. The small cable connection that hooks between the 2.5 slot and the 3.5 slot is ugly, cheap and the pins are bendy and just terrible. It's just the power connection, but not good looking. The drive passes all the SMART tests, but will not format in that slot. The vendor really needs to upgrade the material. As others have mentioned, replace the PLASTIC handles and key locks with metal and upgrade the connectors and cables. You have a good design, just bad material. Would buy again at a higher price if these upgrades were added. I am going to remove the whole thing and go back into the case.
RXIPOMVOKZFUX	adjudicated	3	I got these speakers to replace an older set that failed.  The sound quality is OK for the price.  The power supply is in the right speaker, there is no external power brick, and the AC cord goes straight into the speaker.  I have a traditional CRT monitor, not the LCD flat panel, and the power supply in the right speaker generates enough of a magnetic field to interfere with the CRT display, causing distortion.  I swapped the speakers with my other computer, which has a flat panel LCD monitor and they work fine.   Don't get these if you use a CRT and want to place the speakers within 12 inches of the monitor.
R19XW6DABUHT0A	adjudicated	2	look, it is me and not you... i bought these to help store my various white apple ear buds neatly, but these turned out to be better as a cord shortener rather than a ear bud storer/organizer. maybe that was explained explicitly in the item description, but hey am i suppose to read those things that closely for an intuitive item like this? anyhow, i do have one legitimate gripe with this item, which is that the notches at the top and bottom of the \\"core\\" where you thread your cords into are a bit tight and i feel like i am going to rip the cord in half every time i pull them into the notches...because, you know, i am really strong!
R22VCNWLPH2S7G	adjudicated	2	I bought this product just to extend the wireless range in my big house. Almost every N router that is available in the market does not give me more than 2 bars in my laptop at the farthest end of my house (i.e. my bedroom). So I decided to buy this router to act as a wireless access point to my original router and give a strong signal at the farthest ends. And it fulfills its purpose well. But installation is a pain if you are making it a wireless repeater. After setting it as a repeater, configured it to connect to my original wireless network and you're good to go. Also at times, the connection speed might drop but its just temporary as it will be back to normal soon. I can never think of using this as my only router, but a good extender to my original network.
R1HKDNO3N36OOH	adjudicated	2	The magnetic bond is not as strong as with some other covers. Of course, the keyboard fell off and broke 2 days after I got it. The keyboard itself is great and I loved it until it broke.
RU28NCS30TEIZ	adjudicated	1	This was not new when it came.  there were water marks on the screen and just gave the look of a used computer.
R25EE158QXHPJK	adjudicated	4	After using these for a few months, this is what I've encountered.<br /><br />PROS: Wireless!<br />Simi-OK battery life, I find 4-5 hours seems to be the charge it's holding now, It was around 8+ when I first bought it.<br />Microphone Clarity is nice.<br />Charger is same as my cell phone.<br /><br />CONS:<br />Good Luck getting it to do 7.1 - at best it sound like a 5.1 system. Required Corsair Dolby software that really isn't that great. I had a turtle beach 7.1 and it sounds way more clear.. You hear foot steps ect more prominently  when  someone is trying to come up from behind, this headset defiantly is NOT 7.1<br />Sometimes the power button doesn't sync the head set when using ventrillo, you have to turn it off then on then off then on and then you can hear people.<br /><br />CONCLUSION: I would not recommend people buy this headset - the XBox wireless headset (Works on PC) or Logitech wireless headsets for the same price are a better option.
R3317TY0BQEVOJ	adjudicated	2	It fits the Kindle and it is comfortable to hold but it is cloth and gets smudges. I've only had it a month and can tell that it will be filthy while traveling and carrying around with me.
R1JV3L2PHWSJXS	adjudicated	3	Best ipad cover i have bought so far and i can say i jhave bought quite a few now. Wish i had bought this cover from the first cover i have bought. Money well spent. Love the colour and the feel of the material. Very easy to fit in as described and the sleep function works well. Reconmend it.<br /><br />Edit<br />As much as i love this cover, i must warn ipad owners with toddlers (age 1 - 6), please do not get this cover. Its not good when you have kids who smash the ipad on hard floors when fighting over the ipad or just plain angry when a game is not going their way. For the first time since i have had ipads since 2010, my ipad screen is shattered and my husband's own has a sratch on it. This case is not very smug and the edges do not hold in the ipad as well as i thought initially especially when you have kids using your ipad.<br />To be fair and objective, its still a great ipad case, met my need of been sleek, slim and stlyish, but just not wise and practical for me as a mum with 3 kids who struggle to use the ipad with themselves. I have to spend $125 to replace the ipad screen now. Not a happy mum!
RF08OURERR4N2	adjudicated	4	I love this keyboard and case (there's a &#34;but&#34; coming).  The case is sturdy, and it grips the iPad tightly so that it won't pop out (a problem with my previous Logitech case).  This keyboard has great funtionality and is a bit easier to type on than the Logitech Ultrathin Folio.  The backlight feature on the keyboard is very nice, including the choice of colors.  In terms of design, the only disadvantage for me compared to the Logitech is that the Zagg case cannot be folded back on itself to allow easy holding of the iPad for reading.  However, I quickly got used to holding my iPad like an open book, so this downside did not outweigh the good things about the case.  BUT, the show-stopper for me on this case is that it is completey unreliable on bluetooth connectivity.  I read in some other posts that this was an issue, but I thought it might be an occasional issue.  For me, every time I opened the case to use it, I had to Forget/Re-pair the device to my iPad, and on a few occasions, even that did not work.  That is enough to drive me batty, so I have sent this case back.  However, if Zagg and Apple ever get this bug fixed, I will definitely purchase this item again.
R3NTD5Z7OOF5F6	adjudicated	2	Bluetooth keyboard works fine. Folio can not keep in different angles the Dell Latitude 10 with extended battery .Only one position can be used (because of weight I suppose).
R2339JHCIHUGQE	adjudicated	0	I will use it for something. I only gave 3 stars. I am sure it should have given 5 stars for what it was made for.
R3EG3D2J2RFQAK	adjudicated	2	This likely is a good battery, but did not fit my APPLE PowerBook G4 (15\\" Titanium).  The advertisement implies there is only one type of battery, but this is not correct.  Don't make the same mistake I made, and do the research before you purchase this item.  Customer service at Amazon was excellent, but they should correct the impression that this battery fits all models of APPLE PowerBook G4 (15\\" Titanium) Main battery replacements.  5 stars for customer service, 1 star for advertisement.
R3BEOSVCXQL0XO	adjudicated	2	It fits lose but it worth they the price it also has a weird feel a first but it okay
R321ZGBBF33B2K	adjudicated	2	I received the wrong item. I thought I was going to receive the one in the picture that is capable of being used with the smart cover. But instead I received the one for the iPad 2 that doesn't have the cutout for the smart cover. The leather had a much different texture then the smart cover and so I decided to return the item. It did look like a quality product it just wasn't the same product in the picture.
RURYGP5ZTPJI7	adjudicated	1	This vendor and others say that this a 2-way IDE - SATA adapter. Our intent was to have the device plug into the FEMALE IDE cable plug [the needed plug on the device needs to be MALE] and then put a SATA device on one of the SATA connectors in the device. I have ordered these from several vendors; also thinking that thier's is what I need. The vendors' descriptions are such that their's looks with what I want. Got any suggestions??
R36G1HVN02T0DN	adjudicated	1	ive had mine barely a month and it has stopped working. amazon is replacing it, so i hope i dont have the same problem with the new. most reviews on here are good ones, so maybe us with bad reviews just got the few unlucky drives. and amazon has been great with return process. no hassle and immediate response to claim via email. thank you amazon
R1QWK7QAPOREL0	adjudicated	2	I purchased this drive with some reservations - especially because a few reviews mentioned that the drive is loud.  It is primarily a backup drive for me, so it doesn't get the intense usage that other drives may see, but so far it has performed flawlessly.  It is quick and quiet.  My main drive is a Western Digital Green drive which is specifically made to be quiet at the expense of being somewhat slower.  Well, so far, this Hitachi seems as quiet, if not quieter, to me.  But it is definitely faster than my Green drive.    All-in-all I am quite pleased.  Perhaps I will reformat my drives sometime and use the new Hitachi as the main drive.    **UPDATE** After just a few months, the drive died and I had to send it in to get a replacement.  For that reason, I've lowered to 3 stars.  I realize that drives die, but this drive was only a few months old and rarely used.  It shouldn't die that soon, in my humble opinion
RJEUDLHRCJQT2	adjudicated	2	I bought this because the thought of replacing an old IDE hard drive with GB's of stuff on it or trying to save then redownload was not a real option. It works well, I did not have any issues with my drive being recognized. My speeds are the same as IDE without the adapter. Need to make sure you have space for this little gem sticking out the back of your HD. I have a mid-size case with a left to right HD configuration and the fit is \\"hair thin\\" with the case side installed. Adds a real 2\\" by the time you consider the cables need room to bend instead of fold. Overall, happy that this did the trick and I would buy it again.
RF07E1IZSY58A	adjudicated	0	Inconsistent
R1H1RJDN216QAW	adjudicated	4	I bought this to help with typing on my little xoom, the company went from lap tops to tablets and I wasn't used to using the on screen typing pad, this is not bad for the price however the buttons are not what I was expecting and takes some time to get used to... I will say that the rechargeable battery in the blue tooth keyboard holds an extremely long charge I thought! Case is nice and durable, although I have since stopped carrying it because I just got used to using the on screen typing...
R29X2JGFAXS0J8	adjudicated	3	For what it's worth, I suppose it was okay but I was honestly expecting something much better. The handles are on the inside so it doesn't zip all the way. The artwork on it looks like a paper that was being printed on low ink. You can see some lines and the details aren't that great.
R1PK9YGGN98S6B	adjudicated	2	I bought it few months ago for my laptop, but i tried to install it but couldn't it's doesn't install automatically as other accessories installed now I'm waiting for my friend to when he get a chance to see me he might be able to install it. it does not come with any cd or some installation software etc.
R1SJOQSQJ7E2L	adjudicated	2	Model with an antenna picked up wi-fi from a block away,this one works only a room away.<br />But youve got to consider what you paid.<br />For use in the same room as the router,youre fine.
R3RZHH059PFHZ	adjudicated	3	The cable is great, but the choice to include the tab covers is bad.  Those make it much harder to to disconnect the cables and over time they stiffen and make it near impossible.  I have to cut them off every time.  The flat cable has done it's job for our SIP phones and I enjoy that part of the cable though.
R5YPYRBKLKDRO	adjudicated	3	If you consider the Fire as an e-book reader, it's really great. But as a tablet it's pretty bad. The apps available are limited when compared to other Android tablets. You don't have full access to all of the Android apps out there.<br /><br />The Silk browser is awful. Visiting web sites with the Silk browser can be frustrating. The virtual keyboard tends to disappear for no reason and the Silk browser doesn't recognize all of the input fields of some websites. For instance, when using GMail the browser doesn't recognize the field for the body of the message! You can't get your cursor in their to type anything.<br /><br />Highlighting, cutting and pasting will make you want to toss it out the window. It feels like you have almost no control over it.<br /><br />Also, the touch screen has a very slow response time. Sometimes I touch the screen and think nothing has happened so I touch it again only to accidentally trigger another action because the Fire has finally responded to the first touch.<br /><br />Like I said, if you need a tablet, spend a few more bucks and get a real one not this fancy reader.
R2JJ7O2UH2FIXL	adjudicated	1	Unit had to be returned to maker for repair; a 2 week elapsed time exercise.<br /><br />PC is fine upon return. It appeared that this was not its' first trip back to HP. Feel it is not worth the savings to buy a refurb in terms of time and frustration.
R1UE76YBD4TJZE	adjudicated	2	I purchased this to replace a 2012 Generation Fire HD and was disappointed with the lack of features. It does not have a HDMI port or front facing camera. The volume and power buttons switch positions and are constantly getting jostled as I pick up and move the tablet. I did like the OS, and the clock on the screen saver, but I returned it because it was not worth the same amount of money as the older generation.
RR1L1SZPP075I	adjudicated	1	The battery works ok but I was expecting a longer life. After plugging it in and resetting the battery gauge my max charge life is only about 2:30 hours compared to well over 4 with the original Lenovo battery.
R26OBS8DDK9RNZ	adjudicated	1	Having issues maintaining the wifi connection. Since there is no ethernet you must use wifi.. I am not that far from the router and cannot maintain a solid connection
R3TMOBXFTG1N3V	adjudicated	2	I was excited to order this because of the \\"egg crate\\" type interior.  I carry my Kindle in my purse at all times and I worry about it getting squished. I currently have it in the Built neoprene sleeve, which I love, except it doesn't have a zippered top.<br /><br />I ordered this two day air, got it in a few minutes ago, put my Kindle in it and it floats all around the case. I now have my Kindle in my Built sleeve, inside the Roo case.  I just had to Fold the top of the sleeve down to zip the roo case.  Now my Kindle is snug in the roo case.
R1SLZ6VXZCK2DD	adjudicated	1	I had the previous generation, it suddenly decided to stop working on one side of the screen one day. It was out of warranty, so i had to send the old one in to purchase a refurbished one at $78.<br /><br />It is not a big difference from the previous version, improvements are barely visible. I wish they had made better quality kindles so it would not suddenly stop working on one side of the screen, and i would not need to pay again. $21 usd discounted from $99 to $78 is not a lot of help to me, considering i bought mine new at $119.<br /><br />Kinda feel i have been ripped off, but nevertheless, i enjoy reading on my kindle Paper white, i hope you guys have more luck then me on your Kindles.
RJJH9PI5UBMJ6	adjudicated	3	I used to read on a Kindle Paperwhite, which I absolutely loved - at least until I started having to remove content to make room for more. Out of curiosity, I tried reading on my boyfriend's Kindle Fire and was instantly hooked. I love that the Kindle Fire HD has a larger screen (to avoid wearing reading glasses, I read with a large font) and I love that I can see the book covers in color. And while reading in the dark I can dim the screen to a comfortable level. What I do not like is that I cannot arrange my books into categories, but this is an inconvenience with which I can live. I find the carousel simply annoying and wish there was a way to turn it off.<br /><br />Anyone who has a Kindle Fire absolutely must sign up for Amazon Prime in order to take advantage of the free videos. (No, I don't work for Amazon.) I didn't think I would enjoy watching movies and television shows on such a small screen, but the picture is unbelievably sharp and crisp, the sound is good, and is even better with headphones (not earbuds) on, and you can watch in bed without disturbing your partner.<br /><br />I can't speak to all the many other features because, as yet, I've not had time to try them, but I will update my review as I do.<br /><br />UPDATE: 1/27/2014. I lowered by rating from five stars to three, and had considered giving only two. Lately, my Kindle Fire has constantly been freezing up as I'm reading and, sometimes, restarting it does not fix the problem, so that I have to dig out my old Paperwhite to continue reading. I have had no problems with the Paperwhite, only the Fire. Sometimes, when I turn on the Fire, I get a blank, black page - no carousel, no bookshelves, no nothing. For the price, I expect not to have these kinds of problems. I can only hope that there is an update coming soon to fix these glitches.
RZIYUI4NEJTFE	adjudicated	2	This case does NOT activate auto-sleep on the 2014 HDX!  After a lot of searching, I googled The PC Micro Store and called and they told me that the magnets are in the wrong place to activate the 2014 HDX, but work fine with the 2013.  Other than this, its a great case.
RXYUR7NSCBFGR	adjudicated	1	I received this case today. I was told this is a temp case due to they had a problem with the magnet when case folded backwards it puts the nexus 7 back to sleep. This seems to be a great case except for that one problem. They are suppose to be sending me a new improved case that works and leaves the nexus 7 on when case is folded backwards while using the tablet. I will post an update when it arrives and let all know how it is<br /><br />Thanks<br />Brent
R276U7E5UBEFJN	adjudicated	3	Ater using this case for a bit I have to lower it to 3 stars. I still think this case looks great and provide great protection. However the Problem with the button control is more than I anticipated. They are so hard to press down on  (power or volume control) my finger is sore because I have to press down so hard. I will no longer recommend this case until these issues are fixed by the manufacturer. I really think this case have potential but the difficulty of pressing down the buttons ruined it for me. Updated on 12/18/14  *********************************************  I have ordered 4 different cases for my Fire phone and so far and this one is my favorite. While not perfect, this case is very good for the price. I actually bought this while it was about 35% more expensive and was not prime at the time, for the existing price and prime eligible, I think this case is a steal. The things that were requirements for me for the perfect case, this case has most of them. The first thing that impresses me about this case is, it gives a premium feel to the phone, it looks much better than the stock pictures show. The overall design for me is five star. It was easy to put in, and the kick stand while a bit flimsy is very functional and snap in that back of the case. all the hole are cut well with more than enough room. I did not have to do any alteration on my case everything is perfect as far as fit and overall design.    The reason why I give this case only 4 stars are the buttons, they are a little bit hard to press, I am hoping with enough use that will remediate the problem.    Overall this case is great. It does not look cheap to me at all, it actually has the premium feel that I was looking for in a case and does not add too much bulk to the phone and by the way seems to provide enough protection which is really the number one reason to buy a phone case. In spite of the few flaws I very much recommend this case over any other case in this price range.
R1T1ZXCPGGVL3N	adjudicated	2	This shield does protect the screen, but the &#34;self healing&#34; aspect is a bit of a joke.  It has a &#34;tacky&#34; feel to it.  I would not recommend this product and will go another direction for my next screen protector.
R3NCD7F0MDW8XP	adjudicated	1	It is okay, but I am disappointed because I wanted Windows 7, because not being computer literate Window 8 is hard for<br />me to work with.  Ihave trouble and I contact my Granddaughter to findout what to do.  Unless a person is computer smart<br />I suggest they stay with Window7.<br /><br />Jerry ferguson
RLWTQIVC7KKZR	adjudicated	2	I did tons of research on this unit before I decided to purchase it. From what I learned, I would be taking a gamble on the quality of how the product was made. I wanted something in the $50 price range with good sound, especially in the bass department. When i received the unit it looked good cosmeticly. I hooked everything up and powered the sub. Worked for about one minute before the left speaker went out. I tested all the connections, equalizer on the Pc and connected an Ipod to be sure I had successfully diagnosed the issue. I decided to remove the back panel to examine for any damage in the hardware. Since it was only $50 I did not care about taking the risk with voiding any warranty. I discovered a loose wire connector on the audio input connectors. Tightened the connetion and reassembled. It has worked great for going on three days now. Movies, videogames and music all sound really good on the unit. The base is surprisingly attractive and it has great range of sound as others reviewed. Im happy with my purchase!
R1FZ0T14YM4R39	adjudicated	1	I purchased this memory and one stick worked and the other stick sent my computer into an infinite loop of restarting before the BIOS. I previously had a set of this in my system so it isnt bad memory i just got a bad stick. So be wary.
R35R0HHP7KNXB2	adjudicated	3	This case was a reach for me. I decided to splurge on an expensive case with a nice window, because I figured I would have it for as long as there are parts running inside of it. I really love the way it looks and the window is gorgeous! When I got the parts for my build and the assembly was just about complete I realized it was going to be a nightmare to manage all the cables running in the back panel. The problem is that Corsair didn't put many slots or rings for pulling and tying cables to. The result was sub-par cable management, but visibility of the mess is minimal.<br /><br />On the other end, the front panel/dust filter of the case is just too brittle. The latches that keep it in place broke off of it maybe a week or two into actually having the case. I though I was clever and decided to super glue the latches back on. I guess I asked for it, but when I removed the front panel a few days later the latches came clean off. It is feasible to run the dust filter with out these latches since the actual clips haven't broken, but I'm afraid I'll break those too from poor leverage when dismounting the panel.<br /><br />There are a lot of cool features to this case, which is in fact a first generation. I think if Corsair gets another crack at this case then they'll get it done right. It's gorgeous and VERY radiator friendly and at the perfect size for a mid-grade build. It's the little design flaws that keep this from being a phenomenal case.
R3I8Q95XVVXWCR	adjudicated	3	Here are the Pro's, its mostly well made, its a great product, especially if you like to pack together SSDs, the SATA interfaces are good, and I have no problems with bandwidth on my computer.<br /><br />There are some Con's, however. The first con is that these things trap dust better than a case/cpu fan or vent, these things need to be cleaned out more often than you might think. Also, the fans on this item, for me, started making a lot of noise a few months in to the use of this item. Not having the fans installed is not a big deal for me because I use SSDs and the temperatures are not that bad given I operate the SSDs in a relatively cool ambient temperature, but ... Like I said, the fans are noisy or become noisy and this is a big problem, probably 4-5x noisier than anything else on my tower, pretty loud. The last con is the price, I could see justifying a price of 55$, but not 60+$, especially not the price I see which is 75$. This item is a good deal at 55$, at 75$ you are paying just too much, especially seeing as how you will probably want to replace the fans after a while.<br /><br />Also of note, the unit does not fit very well in to my case, I have a nicer case and I dont believe the tolerances on the case are an issue, however these were very difficult to insert and remove, and I think these guys should take a bout a millimeter or two off the dimensions of this unit to make sure it fits well.<br /><br />Final verdict, 4.5 stars @ 55$, 3 stars @ 75$. Look on ebay for used units if you can, this shouldn't cost more than 55$ in my opinion.
R13CZ6MZRTF92O	adjudicated	2	Gorgeous monitor, but after i set everything up I notice a dead pixel about two inches from the bottom and ten inches in from the right side. It appears as a tiny green spec. It's not a huge issue, but for $200 I don't want any imperfections. I've submitted a return order and will update this review when I get the replacement.
R3FH0JALA4BME1	adjudicated	3	The tablet is a good deal for the price. The screen is very clear and the system is responsive. HOWEVER, after playing around with it for awhile, I realized the sound is not as good as I thought. You have to use headphones or external speakers. You get what you pay for, but still overall pretty good (as long as you're OK using headphone or speakers).
R33F3VJJPSPASL	adjudicated	1	The cover fits good, I'm a little disappointed with it because I thought it was a little harder.  It looks good though.
R3FL61YEZOPKIF	adjudicated	1	I had a hard time getting the sticker to go on all the way at first & I've had it for a month now & it's bubbling up but other than that it's alright.
R28FZG5NOM2RBC	adjudicated	3	This seems like it would be a cool product. I don't think it would really protect it much, but it will turn your MacBook Air another color. Except I can't get the thing on. Yes, I ordered the right one. Yes, I even watched the tutorial video iPearl has on youtube. My fingers hurt from trying to wrestle the thing on. I'm also worried I'll damage my delicate MBA. If someone could install this for me, I might like it. Right now, it's pretty worthless. If anyone has any tips, I'd be happy to hear them.<br /><br />Also, some reviewers mentioned that it came with a keyboard cover. Mine did not.<br /><br />UPDATE: After 10 more minutes of wrestling with it, I decided to try sliding the top part on. It was difficult, took awhile, and I had to start over a couple of times because it slipped off, but I did get it on! If you are having trouble, try sliding it.
R1Z0DFHPVO0FMT	adjudicated	1	Charger has already broken, prong broke off when removing from the wall.
R3RDZAE1G70OGM	adjudicated	3	This computer was amazing for the price and very convenient as a nursing student to take with me to class. My only complaint is that the start button only works when it feels like it, once my desktop got turned black from some bug? (That's what I read), sometimes it won't change landscapes when you turn it upright, once my mouse stopped working completely (figured out that there is a button that disables it on the keyboard), it takes forever to charge and the cord is so short, and once soon after I got it it wouldn't turn on and had to hold power button for awhile. The power life is amazing though. That is one thing I love about it. Lasts a good 8 hours. To me all of these are simple little glitches that could be fixed, but although they are annoying, doesn't interfere with what I need it to do. Love the tablet and computer two in one. Sorry for the long review and I would still recommend this to students especially. Very affordable as well.
R2K9NRPC1756ZA	adjudicated	0	I get it, tomato on this router is amazing. The 2005 version of me would also humbly agree. But now it's 2015, which means there are much better WiFi standards like Wireless N.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor, let go of the past, the nostalgia, and go for something more modern that's Tomato or DDWRT capable.<br /><br />I ended up selling mine for what I paid and upgraded to a newer router. Haven't looked back since.
RQSNZZZH99SSN	adjudicated	2	After reading a load of reviews and doing a ton of comparisons I finally decided on this laptop. Against my better judgment I went with AMD/AMD instead of Intel/Nvidia. Everything I read said this laptop would handle games really well. In fact, they mostly said that's about all this laptop could do. But that was fine, it's all I wanted it for.<br /><br />But it doesn't do gaming terribly well. Not even as well as the less-powerful desktop I had. (Yes, I checked the specs/tests for the mobile gfx card compared to the desktop card I had)<br /><br />So I dropped about $1200 after selling my desktop to have a slightly worse gaming experience.<br /><br />Just a few examples: The laptop doesn't do very well with Counter-Strike: GO. All sorts of graphical lag even when playing locally against a couple bots.<br />Seems to do okay with Tomb Raider, though I haven't been to many graphically intense spots in that game yet.<br />Manages an anemic 5 FPS on Warcraft in 25 man raids with all the settings on low, not even full screen. Pretty much unplayable.<br /><br />I was extremely disappointed with this laptop and strongly considered returning it. I didn't, but I can't help thinking if I'd spent the money on the intel/nvidia option I'd have been a bit happier.
R3K35BQBMXY2QG	adjudicated	3	Great for everyday business users who need a cheap wireless mouse that works like it's suppose to!!!  Battery life is excellent but wish it had a better storage mechanism for the &#34;usb plug&#34;
R3LVUIKTH1Q77M	adjudicated	0	Works fine.
R3T3080XGPXXIP	adjudicated	2	The latest software for this keypad is from 2010 and there are no new versions available to fix the main issue under OS X about the LCD Manager app consuming from 50% to 80% of CPU even when the keypad is not in use.<br /><br />The product is great, but that software issue is a killer, even more when you are in a game and you need all CPU power for the game, not for the keyboard. How come a keyboard application can kill the resources of a computer!<br /><br />If Logitech do not release an update soon, I will be looking at the Razer Nostromo Gaming Keypad (RZ07-00490100-R3) to replace this one, I know the Nostromo is not as comfortable as the Logitech, but it has full support for OS X and constant updates of the drivers/firmware, which is the downside of Logitech.<br /><br />Logitech, please fix this!!!
R3GB9KQEAPD9LI	adjudicated	2	Hard to reach the home page or the top portion of the Kindle. When I try to access that I end up turning the pages.  Ugh!!<br />Slim and easy to carry around.
RHIR9GA81QRP3	adjudicated	2	I bought this to use with my MK808B mini android, and yes it does connect but the connections goes in and out, turns off on its own. It also constantly conflicts with the android built in onscreen-keyboard.
R1KYKZ0AER6SW6	adjudicated	3	Despite the marketing photos of models reading the Kindle without a cover, if you ever intend to use your Kindle outside of your house (and likely even within it), you need a cover - period. Trains, planes, restaurants at lunch - the best features of the Kindle are its light weight and small size, and those almost guarantee a fumble at some point in some place in your reading life.<br /><br />This case will do the job, but for what it is, it's a touch overpriced. The design of the band is annoying and not particularly necessary - if you carry your Kindle in a purse, backpack or briefcase, you don't particularly need to band it shut. Plus, I find the band a minor nuisance, since I read my Kindle by folding back the front cover. And I don't think this case provides the best \\"drop protection\\" that it could. The case I now use from a leather design firm in California provides much better safety without adding any significant weight (and any case is going to add weight - it's a necessary trade-off).<br /><br />There are better values out there for the money for Kindle covers by third party providers - if you're looking to spend a bit more money for better protection and more styles, check out the independent Kindle Boards on the 'net. There are entire folders dedicated to Kindle accessories in general and Kindle 1, 2 and 3 covers in particular.<br /><br />But for a quick fix against an inadvertant drop or to prevent items in a briefcase or luggage from damaging your screen, this will do.
R2RVHZTWR3GDF6	adjudicated	4	This product is fairly decent.  I bought it in place of a laptop to make school easier since it is light and easily stored in a book bag.  Unfortunately, I have had a few problems with it.  For example, I have had many problems with it having programs and applications stop working, or I have had times where I am unable to select things on it.  I also, after just a few weeks of ownership, have noticed that the pre-loaded applications take up close to half the memory provided.  A real good description for it is that this device is everything a Android smart phone is, minus the calling and texting.  If I had known it was going to be like this, I personally would not have purchased it.  Over all, the price of this tablet and the matching keyboard came to just barely $100 less than the laptop I was considering.  This product may be right for someone, but not me since the Android phone I currently have has the same features as this and I really do not need two devices so similar.
R1L6ZYW37K6A2M	adjudicated	2	Is slow at times, but quicker than the inconsistent one in my laptop when it is down. Seems to throttle down at times to a much slower speed, when others usually stay more consistent. But is small, range is ok and stays on all the time.
R1D2LPEIR70HNZ	adjudicated	1	Very simply, with this case I cannot use the Apple RCA to iPad cable that I use all of the time for presentations all the time.  The opening for the Apple connector is too small.  Since I use this to charge as well I would have to purchase a new charging cable.  I'm not sure if the Apple HDMI cable will fit.  I will check and post here.  Very disappointed that it does not fit since there is easily space for Lifeproof to widen the hole without compromising the seal.  Someone missed this in the design.<br /><br />-Nope, the Apple iPad VGA and HDMI cables don't fit either.  Now let's see if Lifeproof takes it back.
RZNKLZ6E4IFX8	adjudicated	2	Product is great for HDD and flash drive combination when using with a tablet such as Surface Pro 3.  Tablet port doesn't have enough juice to support two HDDs.  Maybe the installation of a power port from another USB port or power source would make this a 5-star product.
RU1RHNNV3HH04	adjudicated	4	I purchased the v1 Kindle Fire, and loved it so much I purchased two more for family members. When I upgraded to the v2 HD version, I was thrilled, however, the love affair was short-lived.<br /><br />The Kindle does not have the same feel:<br />1. It seems to freeze often - not as bad as other people have experienced, but more than my v1 Kindle.<br />2. The on/off switch is hard to find - the cute little round button with the charging indicator light is gone. It has been replaced by a button that is flush with the case, and I can never find it easily.<br />3. I don't like the special offers or the &#34;if you liked [x], you may like [y]&#34; recommendations. I ended up calling Amazon to pay more to turn off the special offers because I found them obnoxious. For the recommendations, I eventually found out how to turn them off, but I should not have had to. Amazon has cheapened the Kindle Fire experience.<br />4. There are some sharp edges along the case that are not comfortable. My son and a friend also mentioned it.<br />5. The power outlet has been moved to one of the long sides instead of close to the power button. I don't know why, but every case available positions the Kindle so the power outlet is on the bottom while you are watching a movie. You cannot charge it while watching. You can try turning it upside down, but then the speakers are covered up. The power outlet should be returned to the side.<br />6. Other small nitpicky problems that just contribute to a user experience that is lower than the original.<br /><br />In the end, when you upgrade from a v1 to a v2, you would expect that things that worked in the v1 would stay the same, and the bugs fixed. In this case, the v2 actually created problems in functionalities that had been previously stable in the v1 - not good.<br /><br />I would return it, but my old Kindle has died (they seem to have a shelf life!), and I've invested too much in Amazon media to make a change now. I am, however, no longer singing the praises of the Kindle Fire. And I am not likely to buy another one.
R2ECF7V6HD56VV	adjudicated	1	Windows 8 takes a lot of getting used to for an old dog like me and of course uysing prior equipment I do not have a touch screen
R201TFU458SJ76	adjudicated	2	hard to set up. 1 1/2 hrs on phone with<br />service provider and manufacturer. hopefully will work ok but<br />only 90 days of 'free' tech support. shouldn't need ANY but we'll see. faster then my service so hoping it'll work thou my experience is modems last under 3 years.<br />best feature, led lights are dim reducing visual night time distraction.
R2DQMKYLF0BG0Q	adjudicated	3	HARDWARE:first off this product really does improve your sound quality compared to most on-board sound chips, it is especially amazing when it comes to improving Headphone quality, I has made my Seinheiser HD 558 a  truly impressive experience, Additonally the EM shielding really does work, I cant comment on the mic as I haven't use it, nor can I say anything about the LED's as I tapped those over with electric tape.<br /><br />SOFTWARE: The sofware  control is very easy and intuitive to use, which is good as the default setting is rather harsh for music, you can adjust sound levels and it also comes with presettings that are actually fairly useful, you can of course make and save your own settings.<br /><br />So why the three stars ?,  like with most sound cards, it is the drivers. now I had no problems with installing them, but the problem is that they aren't really compatible with windows 8.1, and there are no drivers for the OS either. also there is no compatibility with linux (which I use) so the card is pretty much useless there. More damning is the fact that there is a major issue with Sound channel mixing, I am stuck to using only the two front speakers because the rest of my speakers sound output is mixed up, and it is well known but Soundblaster seems to refuse to fix this issue.<br /><br />due to  driver issues I cant really recommend this product which is a real shame as the sound blaster z really is a good product. My advice  go buy a quality amp or dac and save yourself from the  hassle of dealing with driver problems.
R1HCRHL2TLGTLY	adjudicated	1	it is helping, but also for an 15.6 Screen Laptop  it is to small. It does not fit exactly, so you have to move an Inch to the right side and an Inch up then it works you get a few  degrees out of it  (4). would not recommend for heavy Players.
RXAQDVWSIW5YG	adjudicated	2	I have a brand-new Dell Precision laptop (64-bit Win-7, i7-2820QM) and the display just blinks across the three monitors after installing the driver software.  My coworker with the same model laptop had the same results.<br /><br />--Revised, 4/27/12: I just figured out that these new laptops have USB 3.0 controllers, and I see on DisplayLink's support page that there are known-issues with the USB 3.0 controllers.
R2FXAY6BV7KRTA	adjudicated	2	I bought this particular card reader because of it 4:1 highly positive user rating ratio. I inserted a Sandisk SDHC 32 card into this Lightning 3 in 1 card reader, plugged it into my iPad air, waited for a few seconds while the device seemed to be reading the card, but was disappointed to get an error message: \\" This iPad does not support this accessory.\\" I wasn't surprised because I'd read this might happen, so I clicked okay and waited. After a few seconds, the \\"Accessory not supported\\"  message reappeared. I clicked okay again, and waited. In all, I tried this four times. Then I removed the card and reinserted it, but got the same error.<br /><br />I've already uploaded the files to my computer, so I know the card it okay. I've previously loaded a great many files to this iPad Air using the card reader I bought from Apple when I got the iPad Air, and have since misplaced. I mention this only because it lessens the likelihood of user-error. I don't know if the problem is that this Lightning 3 in 1 card reader doesn't like my particular brand of SD card, or if this particular device is just a lemon, or the problem is something else.
R1CE4LYSF4XHEC	adjudicated	3	hmm I owned myself for not reading the details better, it's a micro ATX not a mid ATX tower and there are no optical drive bays even though it can easily fit one ;T<br /><br />I got it for like 24 bux I noticed the price went up a lot I dunno for what you get I don't think its worth $30+ its way too small and kind of a pain to get everything inside. Look at my pics its cramped and I dropped my hard drive trying to screw it on. It does have really nice Air Flow and the it has a very nice smooth finish. I took off 2 stars for the price and the not being able to use an internal dvd drive
R35D03F92HKJU0	adjudicated	1	My son saved his money for months to make a big purchase.  He was choosing between kindle 8.9, xbox and laptop.  He chose kindle and has regretted it since he had it for a week.<br />Now, it keeps freezing up and going to a black screen and you can't turn it back on.  Then....days later...it will work again for a few days and then do the same thing again.  I am calling customer service tomorrow to see if we can get a refund.  We have had it one month and 2 days as of today.  I will let you know how good customer service takes care of this problem.
R3ICETHOBB85ZU	adjudicated	4	This case either partially obscures the front-facing camera or the back-facing camera depending on how the tablet is shifted.<br />The alignment issues look more like a quality control problem than a design problem.<br />It seems like either the cutting die for the screen and camera of the front faux leather was positioned too close to the inner edge near the securing strap/flap, or the outer edge of the front faux leather was not stitched tightly enough.<br />I am considering returning this product.<br /><br />PROS:<br />- Velcro strap secures around the back of tablet. This makes it nearly impossible for the tablet to accidentally slip out of the case.<br />- Origami front panel works well to stand the tablet at different angles and orientations.<br />- Magnetic tab on front panel wakes the tablet upon open, just as designed.<br /><br />CONS:<br />- Does not align perfectly. The cameras are aligned the worst. The front-facing camera is sometimes obscured by<br />- Does not seat securely. Unlike other cases that hold the tablet tightly and securely in position, this case allows the tablet to shift about 1/4&#34; side to side.<br />- Velcro strap secures around the back of tablet. This makes it very difficult to intentionally remove the tablet from the case. I was worried that I might break the the case or the tablet!<br />- Metal surrounding soft tip of capacitive stylus seems too close to the tip. I am worried that it might scratch the screen, so I don't plan on using it.
R3OBJQT8W43ALO	adjudicated	1	The system seams to lack a cohesive design interface.<br />Not impressed with the apps available.<br />Many of the books look like un-edited drafts from junior high school students rather that publisher ready manuscripts.
R1367KWBP33G8A	adjudicated	2	although this item has been used for a while now by my son we noticed that what was pictured is not what we received. The mouse does not have a micro usb toggle like the picture shows.  However; we ordered three of these kits and his mouse is the only one that still works.  Putting the long USB aside, the mouse is rechargeable by plugging into the computer with a cord provided.  If I knew for sure that another order came with this kind of mouse I would definitely order another.
R2DQGC4G1BI99N	adjudicated	3	Well...I just upgraded from an ASUS m4a785td-m evo on which I was running an AMD 965 Phenomx4 Deneb Black edition and some mediocre ram.  Everything ran really stable and overclocked about 12% easily.  I bought this board and put it in a new (bigger and better ventilated) case and moved everything over onto it.  Now everything runs a bit glitchy.  I upgraded the ram now and it's still running kinda funny.  Taking long pauses.  It really seems to have issues running League Of Legends for some reason.  The only thing I can blame this on is the board.  I dunno if when I get the money upgrading the cpu will help things but as of now I'm pretty disappointed.  I'm also not super keen on the way it overclocks... the Toverclocker program is kinda worthless and it doesn't run AMD's Overdrive very well... It is a bit easier to go in and manually do things in the BIOS, but that's just extra work. The board works, just not well.
R2AAQLB1ZHRA55	adjudicated	2	This wireless receiver gets the job done, but its reliance is debatable. I have had to go through the process of trying to connect my controller to the receiver multiple times before I could actually get it to work. I was expecting a receiver that, once set up, works each time that I want to connect my controller. This, unfortunately, is not the case with this receiver. As I said, it does work, but do not count on it working immediately every time you want to play a game on your PC/Mac.
R17CJJMH2LEE1Y	adjudicated	2	I liked how it had a stand in the back, however the case did not fit properly. The button on the top right of the mini does not work when it's in the case and you cannot turn off your ipad
R1Q23WZSVIZ0GB	adjudicated	2	I would give this little laptop 5 stars if it weren't for the problem with adware.  I mean there were pop ups ever few seconds and PC Cleaner is the worst.  I called customer service and asked them if they put this adware on the computer with &#34;intent&#34;.  They wouldn't answer me.  They instructed me to return the PC to it's original configuration, which I did, and it didn't work.<br />I'm pretty good with computers, and I'm not entirely sure what the original &#34;cause&#34; was, but I'll tell you what I did to get rid of the problem.  I uninstalled McAfee and installed Norton 360.  McAfee didn't pick up any of the malware and missed one virus, Norton cleaned everything up.  It removed 6 potentially harmful files and now my laptop is working fine.  I had to look up PC Cleaner and the removal of all it's parts seems rather complicated.  I ran uninstall from Windows and we'll see if that kills all the ads.  If not, I will follow the instructions I found by googling the program.<br />I think this laptop would thoroughly confound a person without tech ability.  It's that confusing.
R32XQUFAN10JWO	adjudicated	3	While it meets the specifications in size and ports, it hides the windows key<br />it slides down and partially covers the camera and you need to push the tablet a bit up to have clear cam
R20R9C1GYFYQLS	adjudicated	4	My original battery lasted nearly 5 years. I was torn between replacing with an Apple OEM battery and an aftermarket battery. Really though, I chose this one because the reviews at Apple are not any different then the reviews here. Some people have great luck with their battery, some do not. So why take the chance that it won't be a great battery for the full price Apple charges? This battery is slightly smaller then my old battery, and is glossy. My black macbook is not glossy, so it does look significantly different. But since I don't operate the computer upside down, it doesn't matter to me. Also, because it is slightly smaller it has a very small ridge around the case where the battery goes. All in all, for the money I got what I wanted. Its not perfect which is why its not 5 stars. I will update with any issues I have in terms of the battery's life.<br /><br />UPDATE: The battery has 58 cycles on it, is at 85% health and bleeds juice a lot faster then my OEM battery. Overall its good, not great. I dropped it another star because it won't hold the charge.
RAGGG39MTMUSP	adjudicated	2	I was disappointed that the eSATA interface on this drive did not work. The USB interface worked fine, and would have been OK if I was willing to settle for the slower interface provided by USB 2.0 vs the higher speed of eSATA. Instead of returning the drive, I removed the hard drive from the Fantom case and installed it in my computer as a second SATA drive. The drive itself works fine, and provides the performance you expect of a SATA II drive. Since the price of the Fantom GreenDrive was low enough, it was worthwhile to use the 2 TB SATA drive contained within the Fantom enclosure in my computer. I plan to use this enclosure in the future with another SATA drive as a USB 2.0 external hard drive, where performance is not critical. However, it is really not acceptable that this unit does not perform per spec out of the box. Any buyer of this external hard drive should be prepared to return it if either of the two interfaces does not work.
R9RFGN8SN0IO6	adjudicated	1	Does not look like what is presented in the image. It is an okay bookbag, but the spikes look cheap and the bag is not ver durable.
R21I8BTAV4UQS2	adjudicated	1	This sleeve is too long for the \\"WD My Passport Essential SE\\" 1TB, as I suspected, rather it is compatible with the WD My Passport Essential, which is somewhat longer in dimension. I  looked around for a sleeve for the \\"SE\\" and have not found one yet, took a chance on this one, to no avail.
RYF9OEN2IFPDO	adjudicated	3	I like this backpack, it is sweet. But it is definitely different than it is pictured in the listing. If you like the spiky front part of the backpack, read no more, just buy it, it's pretty good. But if you're expecting a nicely padded back panel and straps with nice hardware, do not buy this.<br /><br />It is pictured with layers of mesh and leatherette and padding on the back panel, and what I got is just a layer of leatherette with no padding. The straps look all beefy and like they would protect your body from discomfort, with two sets of d-rings on each strap, a strap that buckles across the chest, a strap that buckles across the waist, and two plastic grippy adjustable slides for the strap length. This backpack is not even big enough to fit all of that hardware on it. What I got: non-padded leatherette straps with metal d-rings to adjust strap length, and the webbing was flimsy and non-finished (slightly melted at the ends to prevent unraveling, but not sewn over in any way.<br /><br />The side pockets look like they do on the listing, and there is an inner pocket in the backpack, which are both nice. Also, the pack is kind of small, but I do think that is reflected in the description of the product. This pack retains points for how badass and awesome it is despite being so different from the pictured listing.
R37Z3KKS25XIPO	adjudicated	2	I have a macbook air, and this keyboard cover looks super cute. Unfortunately the cover does not match they keys on the top row of the keyboard.
R3CDK84MKK6GUH	adjudicated	2	Much too fragile and easily broken--stressed when it was bumped from its location on the back of my computer. It's working (kind of surprising) but have had to jury-rig the USB plug where it connects to the antenna to keep the connection reliable.
R7T11T20WJOUD	adjudicated	2	If you like to enable mac address filtering on your router and have any device that does not start with a 00: (in my case an ipod touch) do not get this router. It amazes me that such a big company can't fix such a simple flaw.  There are a lot of devices with mac addresses that don't start with 00:      Some might say there is no need to enable mac address filtering since it can easily be hacked and my response is how much easier it's hackable without it. I have all the other encryptions necessary for my router to be as secure as it can be.    Other than that, this router seems solid.  Through my research online, posters on forums with the same problem have stated that tech support at D-link claim a fix is imminent.  Since I have 30 days, I'll wait to see if a fix indeed comes out.  If not, I'm returning this and getting a Linksys WRT610 which I know doesn't have this problem (used to have Linksys WRT120N before and no such problems).
R2T8R6MQBRPEY5	adjudicated	3	My six year old loves this little tablet its perfect for her. There are a few issue some of her paid for apps don't work like Mickeys Illusion. There are are a few issue there is extreme light leakage, and it lags. However the shifts for screens to apps its good... Its pretty fast of the price and I would recommend this product for a 5-8 to year old. This not a tablet for adult users some of the apps the adults users use will not work but if this is used just for suffering the web its very good.
R3U67ABJ4S7ESM	adjudicated	1	When is stand mode the top corners do not hold the iPad from starting to slide down the top of the case. This started to happen very shortly after I purchased, but just having a chance to review now, while I am on Amazon looking for a new case.
R1QIQDIITHLVEP	adjudicated	4	I really wanted to give this a five-star review, but I can't. I only just put it on my new Kindle Fire last night, so I can't speak about how it holds up to scratches yet, but I do want to point out some basic issues:<br /><br />1. I wasted one protector trying to get it to firmly adhere to my Kindle. I had everything lined up and ready to go. I was following the directions exactly (which isn't hard). And as I was slowly placing the screen and removing the first layer of backing, I noticed that the protector, which was supposed to be sticking to the section of Kindle where I'd placed it, kept slipping. I had to keep pausing and trying to hold down the end with the exposed sticky bit while removing the rest of the first backing. Very frustrating. By the time I had gotten the backing off the first side and managed to keep the screen in place, I noticed that there were many air bubbles that couldn't be removed and were unsightly. So I removed the protector (something it says you can do), and I even did it carefully, but a finger smudge still resulted on the sticky side and it looked horrible. Into the trash went the first protector.<br /><br />2. I had more luck placing the second protector because I was now aware of the flaws and aware of what may result if I wasn't completely watchful. Now, the protector was clean with no smudges and my Kindle was ready for its case. This brings me to issue No. 2: The screen protector does not fit the Kindle Fire screen from edge to edge like my screen for my iPhone. This was pretty annoying because that made it difficult to line up in the first place, and it left a small gap between protector and edge of device all the way around. I don't have a thick, framed Kindle case; I opted for the book-cover portfolio for my device. So the edge of exposed glass around the perimeter of my Kindle is irksome. Also, being somewhat of a perfectionist, when placing the film I had to make sure the perimeter was exposed uniformly -- in other words, I made sure one side of the Kindle wasn't more protected than the other.<br /><br />3. Issue No. 3, for me, is that this protector screen is too glossy, it shows fingerprints faster and easier than the glass! I have a similar shield for my iPhone and I don't have this problem. It's very strange to me. I wish I'd researched more and looked to see if my iPhone screen protector company sold protectors for the Fire. When it's time to replace these protectors, that's what I'll hope to find. As it is, with me being a perfectionist, my portfolio pocket contains my lint cloth so I can keep the Fire clean. Constantly wiping the screen down is bound to get old, though, and I may simply request better screen protectors for Christmas.<br /><br />All of this said, the protector should do what it's meant to do, for the part of my Fire that it covers. No matter what, you shouldn't operate a device like this without a protector.made sure one side of the Kindle wasn't more protected than the other.<br /><br />3. Issue No. 3, for me, is that this protector screen is too glossy, it shows fingerprints faster and easier than the glass! I have a similar shield for my iPhone and I don't have this problem. It's very strange to me. I wish I'd researched more and looked to see if my iPhone screen protector company sold protectors for the Fire. When it's time to replace these protectors, that's what I'll hope to find. As it is, with me being a perfectionist, my portfolio pocket contains my lint cloth so I can keep the Fire clean. Constantly wiping the screen down is bound to get old, though, and I may simply request better screen protectors for Christmas.<br /><br />All of this said, the protector should do what it's meant to do, for the part of my Fire that it covers. No matter what, you shouldn't operate a device like this without a protector.
R196NKNPA4Q37Z	adjudicated	1	It's not the easiest thing to apply and it stretches when you tear off the backing, so it gets a little too big for the kindle. As long as you're really careful applying it, it fits nicely and does what it's supposed to do.
R1TME8M6ATMZMH	adjudicated	1	I purchased the case 5 months ago and it has performed well.  It keeps the tablet protected against minor dings and scratches well.  Over all it is a good product and I would recommend it to others.<br /><br />On the down side, the retaining strap hasn't stood up to repeated use and I had to cut what was left off but that is the only issue that I've had with the case
R14T4O7Y9USGJX	adjudicated	2	I used this stylus on an iPad, iPhone, and Kindle Fire. You have to frequently tap in order for whatever you're typing or trying to click on to work. Doesn't work as well as my other stylus that has a bigger, softer tip.
R1NWQVBNMX4OA6	adjudicated	3	This case fits well and DOES support charging. Also, it looks a bit cheap and had loose threads in the stitching. You get what you pay for.
R1OIN02YFRCKH6	adjudicated	1	The top part of case stays on & works well but the bottom part comes off way too easily! Could be better
R1AGKV164MUVG5	adjudicated	2	Not an ideal board for fx8350 users! Apparently the fx 8350 cpu can draw more than 120w when it's reaching maximum load which will cause some hiccups to occur. One of these hiccups includes intermittent disconnects from lan connection. I've had the issue on both my wireless usb nic and the integrated wired nic.<br />It's been a persistent issue since day one using this board and I've tried updating the bios, reformatting with a different version of windows, disabling OC features in bios, the list is nearly endless...<br /><br />This issue is the only thing I dislike about the board. I'm sure that if I were using a lower end cpu with less power consumption this wouldn't be an issue.<br />Also, side note - we also have another pc with the same mobo/cpu combo but with a different gpu and that rig also experiences the same problem. This other pc is used lightly since its operator is 70 years old.<br />(the other 3 pc's in the house have zero issues with lan disconnections, just the two with this mobo+cpu combo)
R38Z1FQTVWAF06	adjudicated	5	I bought this arm so that I could view the monitor whether sitting down or standing up. I spend a lot of computer time sitting down, and it would be a relief to do some work standing up.<br />Unlike most arms out there, this one can have both arms swing up or down independently, thereby doulbing the height extension without adjusting a lever or screw at back of the monitor. It almost achieved my intented purpose. I'm 5'-5&#34; and at maximum height, it's about 3&#34; short from the ideal height I want it to be. The specs drawings shows 23.23&#34; max. height. I can only achieve about 21.5&#34; maximum, so about 1.75&#34; short. That would have been a big difference.<br />It's not the most expensive, but definitely not cheap either. I was considering Ergotron sit-stand solutions, but they were too expensive and impractical (the adjustable desk) for me.<br />The construction is solid. I mounted a 27&#34; Viewsonic LED monitor with built-in speakers, no problem. The tension settings are midway, so there's still a lot of weight capacity left.<br />The second main problem I had is the tilt adjustment. Once the tilt is set with the allen wrench, it can only be adjusted by using the allen wrench again. I thought that I could tilt it more when you're standing up, as that would have compensated for the few inches in vertical height.<br />The third problem was the arm rotation at its base. I want to clamp it as securely as possible, but if you tighten it too much, the bottom arm will not swing around the base clamp. So I loosened it a bit, and I'm sure it wasn't designed to be like that.<br />The fourth problem was the slack in the rotation of the monitor around the vesa attachment. You could see there was too much freeplay at the pivot plates (1/32&#34;?). It was meant to allow the monitor to be horizontal or vertical. I tried to use it without the vesa 200mm adaptor plate, and the monitor would not stay level. The adaptor plate centers and balances the monitor.<br />Inspiteall its deficiencies, it's still a keeper, until somebody can come up with a better arm that meets my expectations.
R3JPL6JSJUZ6EE	adjudicated	0	I didn't find it as user friendly as the original Kindle.
R6IILZJ9A9JST	adjudicated	2	The second Plantronics Foldable headset works fine,so far.   The original headset worked for a few days before the microphone failed. Amazon customer service responded heroically and replaced the defective headset by overnight air delivery service. Amazon gets five stars, but in the words of our great leader, George W., \\"the jury is still out on the longevity of the Plantronics Foldable Headset\\" . . . . . thomast
R1GB61NAIYZ0W8	adjudicated	2	When I received it, there was a strong odor as if I sprayed a strong chemical. But after letting it air out for a couple of days the smell faded. I have used it and it fits really snug on my laptop.
RZJZ0B0P34N1P	adjudicated	2	The case is good. It is not great but it does it's job. I went with this case instead of the amazon brand to save a few more bucks. I never used the amazon brand but from what I can tell the only difference is that the amazon case puts your tablet to sleep automatically.<br />Now for this case's review.<br />Pro's:<br />- decent stand for watching videos on tablet.<br />- minimal - average protection (not an otterbox)<br />- little flap on the side to hold stylus pen<br /><br />Con's:<br />- Quality: poor - average. I wouldn't expect it to last past two years.<br />- suede inside sometimes picks up dust and puts it on the screen.<br /><br />* Mainly knocked off 2 stars (1 1/2 in my head) due to the quality and durability.
R2NJI9FC3SIDOD	adjudicated	0	Windows 8.1 users: DO NOT GIVE UP HOPE! ALSO, DO NOT USE BLUESOLEIL!<br /><br />I got this working with my music receiver after HOURS of messing around with this. The first step was I had to uninstall Bluesoleil, that piece of trash program... anyways...<br /><br />After that, I unplugged the USB and plugged it in on the computer. This time, I noticed that it was installing Bluetooth drivers on my PC, where I never had them before. It still sucks because it's 8.1, but if you hit the Windows Key and type in PC Settings, and click PC and devices, you should see it looking for bluetooth things from here.<br /><br />This is where I got hung up for a long time. I connected to the music receiver, but nothing happened. I restarted my computer, and my volume icon was back (by my clock.) I clicked the dropdown menu next to where it says speakers and chose the headset.<br /><br />I WASN'T DONE YET, SADLY.... As no sounds would play except the windows 'ding' when you slide the volume bar. But I didn't give up!!!!!<br /><br />I went to the control panel and typed in Bluetooth. You'll see Devices and printers. To get this to stream your music and whatever your computer is playing, right click THE MUSIC RECEIVER, NOT THE BLUETOOTH ADAPTER, and click Sound Settings. You should see your normal speakers and the &#34;Headphones (Music Receiver)&#34; or whatever your music receiver shows up as.<br /><br />To make it work, simply click on your music receiver and click &#34;set default&#34; on the bottom, and voila, it should work! (Make sure in your volume mixer that you have it set to the Music Receiver and not your default speakers!)<br /><br />On a side note, this took around 3 weeks to a month to arrive from china, and I'm not certain EVERYTHING is compatible with this thing, but really, these people should give proper drivers or at least some instructions!!!!!!!!!!!!
RARNXSLL2SJ6F	adjudicated	1	Just a simple cord. What would I have to commemt about. Came as expected, it worked and I am satisfied with my purchase for the price.
R290ILIKC4XPQK	adjudicated	5	I purchased these Dvorak keyboard stickers for my Sony Viao laptop. They are the correct configuration, so now I can easily look at the keyboard if I can't remember which key is which. That has been a problem for me with some of the keys I seldom use, specifically a few of the symbol keys such as =/+. So the stickers do what they are supposed to do. However, there are a couple of reasons why I am disappointed. One is that the stickers for the F/U and J/H keys do have a cut-out for the bump that lets me feel where to position my hands correctly, but placing the sticker so that the cut-out is in the right place meant the top of the sticker had to be trimmed away because it stuck out over the top edge of the keys. That's not that big of a deal, really, but the thickness of the stickers is such that I can't feel the bump on the key anymore regardless. That may be different on a different keyboard. But the main problem is that the stickers have a slick surface, and I just don't like the feel of my keyboard with the stickers on it. I much preferred the feel without the stickers. Also, my keys now have a shiny surface and have a glare in the light when I am using my laptop in bed. The glare is enough to obscure the lettering so that I can't read which key is which without tilting the keyboard this way and that. That's annoying. I wish that I had applied only the stickers for the special symbol keys that I needed and not bothered with the letter key stickers, since I know the letters by heart. Now, for someone just learning Dvorak on a standard keyboard, the stickers would be a great aid until you get to the point where you have memorized all the keys and are truly a touch typist. The stickers are certainly a very economical alternative to a Dvorak keyboard such as the Kinesis Advantage (which is fabulous, but rather expensive for a keyboard).
R36KOUZXNK135	adjudicated	3	I had trouble getting Windows 7 x64 installed (Vista too). Corsair's tech support over the phone gave me an email address, they never emailed me back.    The solution seems to be that the drive must be plugged into sata 1 or 2 and the motherboard must be set to IDE raid mode. Windows will not run in AHCI mode without a registry change, the registry key is HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\System\CurrentControlSet\Services\Msahci there is a key called 'start' the value was set to 3, changed it to 0, now Windows will load with AHCI enabled on the motherboard (ahci allows for hot swapping of sata drives).  I was using a sata II drive for Windows, the windows experience index went from 5.4 to 6.9. with a very fast boot time. Linux Ubuntu x64 has a very incredible boot time.    Overall I am very pleased with the improvement of Windows performance. The seq read speeds have benchmarked (using Crystal Disk Mark 3) at 220.9 MB/s, the write speeds are not a high as a more expensive drive, 107 MB/s,. For the price with the rebate (if it comes) it is well worth it tho.    The other reviewer was having trouble with the drive, I have not had that issue of the drive needing to be unplugged for the bios to see it.    Only 3 stars because Corsair's tech support seems non existent.
R2YJ1F64LHIEMJ	adjudicated	2	The wireless Logitech headset overall is a good product. They are comfortable, adjustable, the mouthpiece is a good length, and I like the volume control on the right earpiece. I use it mainly as a communication device with my internet phone.<br /><br />I can hear the person I'm talking with perfectly, except sometimes they complain that they can't hear me. Even if I turn the input volume all the way up, they say that they can hear me better, but my voice sounds digitized at times. I wish the input quality was better. This could be because the device is wireless, not corded.<br /><br />FYI, I haven't yet used the supplied USB cord. I currently plug the USB antenna directly into a USB port on my computer. Maybe using the supplied cord to position the USB antenna at a different location would help? I need to try this first, before I can say that it will help.
R1VK9WM18GGFY8	adjudicated	1	I boutght one in Oct 2013. It's a great product. It wored well for two years. Three days ago it stopped working. Can't figure out why!!! My recommendation is to buy a better one, even expensive. Don't forget to read the reviews before you purchase.
R1YR5SW3XWH7L6	adjudicated	1	This Crucial SSD really sped up the laptop running Windows Vista. However it died after six months. I sent it back to Crucial for repair. At the same time I also purchased a 256GB SSD from Kingston. That SSD is still running strong, no problems at all. If I had to do it over again, I would buy two Kingstons.
RAGT1Q5ZHA4U7	adjudicated	3	I bought an Apple Thunderbolt and realized that it was not working with my Macbook pro 2010 (bought my laptop late 2010 and Thunderbolt only works with newer versions of the Macbook pro). While searching on Amazon I noticed the great reviews for this product. The main issue I am having problem with is that I do not seem to have full control on the color adjustment. Somehow my laptop sitting next to this monitor is having livelier colors. I spent hours trying to match the color but just does not work, so color calibration was an issue for me and so the colors on the monitor is not as warm as I would like it and I have learned to live with it. There are options such as ECO and DCR that helps but it is a on/off which does not help me. I have to mention that if I were to use this monitor with a computer, I would not have as much issue with the color. I think connection to the monitor is what is causing issues.<br /><br />The stand is not really sturdy and small hits against the monitor makes the monitor shake but I think for the price it is supposed to be as good as it gets.<br /><br />Overall, if Thunderbolt worked with my laptop, I would have gone with that but as a 2nd choice, this is a good monitor, it was in fact better than all the major brands I saw online on Amazon. The customer service is amazing. I bought it first and the monitor was not working. The seriously helpful support engineer at Nixeus drove from LA to my office in OC to figure it out. Turned out it was the STAR TEC cable I got from amazon and of course he had a cable with him that gave me for free, so one thing with this monitor you do not have to worry about is the customer and support service.
R1NHN9GYI7RRLN	adjudicated	2	I bought this to make use of my high-speed eSATA port, but it's painfully slow -- about 80 Mb/s.<br /><br />I read the others' reviews, and just assumed that they had older eSATA ports, or were using outdated cables, but I have a newer laptop with a powered SATA III (SATA 6Gb/s) port with newer cables, and I'm getting the same slowness. I've tried both the included eSATA cable and one I bought from Amazon (item B000ENYXZ6), but neither one gets anywhere close to the speed that was promised. I've also tried powering the device both off of my laptop and with the DC power adapter, but it doesn't make a difference.<br /><br />I'm glad to have it for the storage, but I could have spent less to get what I did. This is my first Oyen product, but because of this bad experience, I wouldn't buy another.
RQOZKPO6MU24K	adjudicated	2	All in all a solid, well-made item. I purchased mainly for reading in bed (fully reclined, as I have a bad back), but it is too low and my neck then feels strained. I end up holding the ipad on top of the log, which is the right height for me.
RLEZY66FY845V	adjudicated	2	Some of the items in this purchase are fine.  The cover, several skins, the car charger, extra chargers and adapters are all fine.  However, there are unnecessary items packaged here.  The light, while seemingly useful, left scratches in the glass screen on my Kindle.  The bracelets and other little tidbits are not useful to adults, and can be eliminated.  Who needs a cord winder in fish decor??  Also, there was no inventory listing included with the package, and doesn't give uses for some of the items.  I had to go into Amazon's inventory of other items offered, to find out just what I had, and how to use them.
R2EHKG2OFQ4VVF	adjudicated	3	I am a fan of Bose and these speakers didn't let me down.  These are small speakers, but they are solid, heavy great-sounding speakers.  Amazing bass, not just for their size and lack of a subwoofer. Amazing bass and great across the whole range. BTW, I'm not into thudding, overpowering dub bass.  I like solid tight bass that doesn't muddy the rest of the music.Tight is the best description here.<br /><br />UPDATE: Sad to say, these haven't withstood the test of time.  You see, all of the above is true, if you are 10 feet or more from the speakers when listening to music.  The sound fills the room and is great across the board. The problem is, in my case, as is common with computer speaker set-ups, I am not across the room from the speakers. They are located on the corners of the table where my computer is.  And up close, they sound muddy, bass-heavy and unbalanced. In fact, the sound reminds me of bootleg records from the 70's.  If you plan to place these at somewhat above head level and at least 5 feet from where you listen, then I still would say they are 5-star.  For most typical computer-based set-ups, they aren't worth the money and, in fact, offer no advantage of speakers in the $50 range.
R99Q4QUZCTFCB	adjudicated	1	This thing is called scratch resistant but I'm sorry to say the first time I placed it in my bag it became scratched and looked as though I've had it for years
R3VLQ3CCD9UIPP	adjudicated	2	[[VIDEOID:mo2VBBPZCJ4TTUB]]The Highpoint Rocketstor 5212 does deliver thunderbolt speeds, but not without some speed bumps along the way.<br /><br />The first problem, as other reviewers have indicated, is that there is only one thunderbolt port on the back. Storage devices like this should really have the second passthrough connector to maximize their usability.<br /><br />My major issue with this device are some inconsistencies in its performance. I've found that drives don't always mount or remount after being ejected. On a few occasions I had to power the device down to reset it so that it could recognize my drives. It also put my Mac into a system kernel panic three times this evening, which is the equivalent of the Windows blue screen of death. These issues usually occurred when inserting a drive into the device.<br /><br />These issues aside the device does deliver decent speeds consistent with other SATA devices I've used my drives on. As a test I set up two SSDs in a striped RAID 0 mode and found good performance as well. But I have a hard time recommending it given the mounting and kernel panic issues I've experienced with the device during my testing.
R3DEBF08QJHKNS	adjudicated	1	I purchased to give as part of a Christmas gift with the Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.  While the product is okay, it was very difficult to put on, it just wouldn't hardly stretch, after using much muscle finally got the case on, at least it won't fall off!  The cut out for the charger needs to be cut with scissors, as the charger cord will continually fall out because the cut out doesn't line up with the slot, and taking off the case each time you charge the tablet is not an option when the fit is so tight. I was also somewhat disappointed with the seller as this arrived without packaging. I had purchased  2 and the other came in a package so it looked to the receiver of the gift like I had opened a portion of their gift prior to giving it.
R1R7W8IEJFSNZB	adjudicated	3	First of all, I have a MAC but I do run windows XP from time to time using VMfusion. The included software CD that came with this camera was pretty much useless as the 'wizard software' could not find the camera. Also it is not clear in the manual but you do have to physically connect your computer to your router and the camera to the router to get started (you can go wireless once it is set up).<br /><br />For Mac users using and Airport Basestation. Go to Airport utilities (it is in your system preferences) and click on advanced. Click on 'Logs and statistics' and then on 'DHCP clients'. Now turn over your camera and look for the MAC address on the sticker underneath near the serial number. Find the MAC address in the DHCP client list that matches and  bingo you have the IP address that your router assigned to this device. Note unless you reserve this IP number using your airport software, this number will change from time to time (if you internet service provider uses dynamic DNS which Comcast does) and you will have to repeat this process to find the IP again (annoying). More on this later.<br /><br />For example. The IP my router assigned this camera was 10.0.1.2<br />Type this in your address bar in your web browser (I use Safari) and your will get the Airlink 101 web configuration page. You can use this to now configure your camera how you want it and to enter the details regarding your wireless network so the camera can connect on its own. You now no longer need the ethernet cable and can run the camera using WIFI.<br /><br />As I said before your airport will assign a new IP for the camera once the DHCP lease is up but you can prevent this from happening. If you want the local IP for the camera to always be 10.0.1.2 for example<br />Go to Airport Utility again-->internet-->DHCP-->DHCP Reservations and click + to add.<br /><br />I set mine up by the MAC address of the camera (on the sticker remember). Now the router will always assign the Airlink Camera the IP of 10.0.1.2 and nothing else. Also no other device will ever be assigned that number.<br /><br />I run the camera via EvoCam as I cannot figure out yet how to tinker with the camera's built in IP (192.168.1.240)  to make the camera viewable to the outside world (i.e. outside my network). Right now I am using EVOCAM to broadcast a public stream and I linked the AIRLINK using the network camera feature of EVOCAM.<br /><br />My goal is to eventually make the camera computer-less and have it broadcast a public stream directly. I could then used it as a security camera when I am away without leaving my computer on the whole time.<br /><br />The image quality of this camera is good but not great. Once you have the camera in WIFI mode, the video will be choppy but serves its purpose as a simple webcam. This camera would make a great security camera, scenic webcam (i.e. pointed at the beach or something). Don't expect it to perform any where near as well as the built in i-sight camera that is standard on all MACs.<br /><br />Also this camera does not have night vision, no pan/tilt and no autofocus.<br /><br />Hope this saves some of you a couple of hours of aggravation.no other device will ever be assigned that number.    I run the camera via EvoCam as I cannot figure out yet how to tinker with the camera's built in IP (192.168.1.240)  to make the camera viewable to the outside world (i.e. outside my network). Right now I am using EVOCAM to broadcast a public stream and I linked the AIRLINK using the network camera feature of EVOCAM.    My goal is to eventually make the camera computer-less and have it broadcast a public stream directly. I could then used it as a security camera when I am away without leaving my computer on the whole time.    The image quality of this camera is good but not great. Once you have the camera in WIFI mode, the video will be choppy but serves its purpose as a simple webcam. This camera would make a great security camera, scenic webcam (i.e. pointed at the beach or something). Don't expect it to perform any where near as well as the built in i-sight camera that is standard on all MACs.    Also this camera does not have night vision, no pan/tilt and no autofocus.    Hope this saves some of you a couple of hours of aggravation.
R1G4PHC1EJSQMB	adjudicated	3	I've had my kindle for 5 wks now, and have enjoyed the speed and easy access to new books. I have, however, also spend alot of time with the phone support trying to keep it connected to my wireless home system and keeping the battery charged. I've had it plugged in for more than 30 hrs now and the battery still isn't charged. I'm starting to get tired of this.
R2I03CI3H5P4XO	adjudicated	1	I have had these speakers for about six months now and they still work fine.  I have not really used the remote.  An issue I have with them is though you can adjust volume, treble and bass, you really don't know to what level you are adjusting.  (Or at least I haven't figured out how to do that.)  Usually speakers have some sort of gauge or number system that lets you know.  Also I was not able to adjust from which speaker I would like the sound to come.  However the sound is great.  I live in a two bedroom apt.  When the bass gets going on certain songs the whole place shakes.  Definitely what I was looking for when I made the purchase.
RPILL5CUDHTRX	adjudicated	2	I'm really confused by all these 5 star reviews. I had high hopes for these and love the way they look. I've heard the A5s and loved those, but they were too big for my desktop, so I thought these would be a smaller but have somewhat of a similar sound. I gave them a solid 2 weeks of listening for several hours a day, and the more I listened to them, the more I disliked them. With a very clear recording, like a piano or acoustic guitar turned up really loud, these sound great. But that can only be said for a very specific kind of track, for all others the sound is very average. I would compare the sound to an average 2.1 system with the subwoofer off. The sound is very flat and directional, you have to be right in the sweet spot to hear them at their prime. Most recordings sound like a tin can, and there's almost no bass at all. They aren't room filling at all, and they distort very quickly if you try to crank them. I wasn't looking to rattle any windows, but like to turn them up from time to time. Although I use these as desktop speakers, I do like to listen to them while doing other things as well, which these are really bad for. The sound at loud volumes can be harsh, it sounds like they are working really hard to hit those volumes, reminded me of a cheap boom box. I set these up next to several other speakers at this price point, and found these were some of the worst sounding of the bunch.
R1T9AYQ93CV4TR	adjudicated	1	I won't go into a lot of detail about how it operates since their are thousands of other reviews. Overall I like it, but the battery life is four hours or less.  Half of what the specs say.  It does get annoying.  It's not worth taking on a plane since it won't last.
R5UMNV10XZG1X	adjudicated	1	The cable is too short for my need (~6-7 ft.), as I usually don't work in rooms where I'm that close to a power outlet. Anything else works well for me.
R3K2KXSVNG05TK	adjudicated	2	What it does do is enable you to save everything but games, and games are the main thing i wanted to get saved for my ps3, so make sure you listen to me when i say if you are planning to buy this to create more room on your PS3 just to save Digitally bought games then you have made a big mistake. Up side is you can save tons of movies on it.
R39WOXRZBEYZ0N	adjudicated	5	I have owned at least 1 of every model of Kindle device except the DX since they were released, so I have a lot of experience with them. I can say without a doubt in my mind that hardware wise, the Kindle Touch & Touch 3G are a huge backwards step from the Kindle Keyboard from a hardware & useability standpoint. It has no physical volume control for sound so what was a simple process to turn up/down the volume has become a complicated mulit-step(& unnecessary) process. There are no physical page turning buttons anymore but swipe doesn't work too well when your looking through the pages you have of books loaded on your device 'cause about half the time you open a book you didn't want rather than turn the page.<br /><br />Another weakness, & this is a software issue mostly, is that you can't look at PDFs in landscape mode which pretty much means it is useless for that & I need to look at a lot PDFs & I'm sure I'm not the only one. Huge step back from the Kindle Keyboard. Yes I like physical keyboards, I  even added one to my iPhone!<br /><br />Amazon, are you listening, if you want to create the perfect e-reader for the next version, take the Kindle Keyboard & make it a touchscreen, and retain the ability to have landscape mode. That way you'd have all the advantages of a touchscreen plus the advantages of physical buttons for those of us who prefer them or to make the device more user friendly. FYI mucjh of what I said above applies to the Kindle Fire too but in addition it direly needs text-to-speech capability also.
R2NBLEO0WC4TEI	adjudicated	1	The write speed isnt that fast. If you google this card, you will see the test results and reviews that claim the same thing.
R24296LCKCSANR	adjudicated	4	Is this stand worth it for you?  Maybe.<br /><br />I purchased this primarily for use with a 7&#34; tablet (Tegra Note), and it's sort of an awkward fit.  In landscape mode, the back support has to be really low to hold it up, to the point I can't get it at a very good angle.  In portrait mode, my tablet barely stands on the &#34;legs&#34; of the unit.  It's workable, and it can technically support my Galaxy S4 phone, but not well.  I'm betting this would be better for larger tablets, like the iPad or any 9-10&#34; tablet, but I'm not sure it's really good for smaller tablets.  It's okay, but more of a balancing act.<br /><br />The other major negative factor is a lack of buttons.  There are no on-unit controls, which I'm guessing is done because it's designed to have the tablet right there, and if the stand was more stable on my Tegra, I might not even mind the lack of buttons.  As it is, poking at my screen worries me.<br /><br />So that's the bad, but there's still a bunch of good.  The speakers are loud and the audio stays pretty clear even at max volume, you do get stereo sound (though the distance between the speakers limits the effect of the stereo), and the battery lasts a good long time.  This may be the best \battery life I've seen on a portable speaker.  The tradeoff there is bulk.  Since this is designed to be a hybrid stand/speaker system, it's larger and somewhat more awkwardly shaped than other speakers.  It loses some portability in this trade-off.<br /><br />Pairing is easy, though I could not get NFC to work.<br /><br />I would recommend this to people with a larger device who are going to use both functions.  The recommendation becomes shakier if you've got a smaller device or you don't really need a stand.  At the current price point, I'm not sure there are a lot of truly better speakers in terms of volume, clarity and battery life (all three, I could likely pick out better on any individual point), all serious positives in my book, but the lackof buttons (or stability for smaller tablets) and size of the folded unit should be considered by anyone purchasing this product.<br /><br />Still, having purchased it, it's become my go-to speaker if I want to play music without headphones, and I use it to listen to the occasional audiobook.  It's not an awful setup, but there is room for improvement.
R2GDAEK54GY5J	adjudicated	2	I own this webcam and the Logitech C525. The picture quality is shockingly comparable. Having purchased Logitech's best webcam, I really expected there to be much better quality images. Instead, the images are 'meh'. The almost have a plastic look to them. I have tested this cam in bright, medium, and dark conditions all with the same results. It also doesn't have a left/right pivot like the C525. Only an up and down pivot which is annoying given that this is the higher end product. My suggestion is to save yourself some money and buy one of their mid-tier webcams.
R1XHQIS4Y4Q83D	adjudicated	1	Purchased two sets of these rackmount ears for SilverStone GD08 HTPC cases - 1st set December 2013, 2nd set in January 2014.<br /><br />I would give this product 5 stars if not for the hassle of dealing with SilverStone support. See below<br /><br />There are two versions of these rackmount ears:<br /><br />- 'old' style (which are what are shown in the images above - NO: G11215620): very solid, mount position extends front of case about 10mm in front of rack rails - I received this style from the first order<br /><br />- 'new' style (NO: G11215621): thinner material, different depth dimensions, and mount position recesses front of case about 10mm behind rack rails - received this style from the second order<br /><br />When I mounted both cases in my A/V rack, the case fronts do not align - they are off by almost an inch from each other.  This is unacceptable for my showcase 63U A/V/network rack.<br /><br />Both fit the GD08 case, have the same UPC, package markings, and dimensions on the package, although the artwork is different on the two different versions and matches the appropriate version included in the packaging.<br /><br />SilverStone verified that there are two versions and offered to replace mine through their RMA process.  However, I have to send it to them first and pay the shipping.  They will then send the new version upon receipt of the old version, and return shipping will be taken care of by SilverStone.<br /><br />For me, I will just buy a new set instead of going through the hassle of taking the case out of the rack and RMA'ing the ears, with no place for my PC while waiting for replacements.<br /><br />I hate that this turned out the way it did, as I was planning on purchasing at least two more of the SilverStone GD08 cases (fantastic HTPC cases) to mount some of my other PCs in my rack.  I am wary about doing this if I cannot be certain I will get matching rackmount ears.
R29VYMB1ZNDEME	adjudicated	2	This product is good but hardly worth the price.A lot of flex and made of very cheap plastic.If you are not careful removing the tablet from case per instructions it will tear the tablet case apart.Its so bad I would only let a adult do it and even then the middle grabs the tablet right where the halves of the tablet meet.Terrible design flaw in my opinion.Other then this and its huge it seem to be ok keyboard and blue tooth connection.update.added one star as child has used for few weeks now and its still going.the above mentioned issue is still a big issue but figure most people wont be removing the tablet from case and if you do,do it carefully and be sure to lift middle edge of case off tablet at top and sides,instructions say only lift at side edges.this is when it grabs tablet at seem.
R3U9ZFQ19F6EOZ	adjudicated	2	i did not see much faster compared to my tab 3.  it's thicker and heavier than i expected (later generation compared to previous generation).  For surfing web and some simple tasks, it would not be bad.  The battery doesn't last long, just for your info
RCQRYGYGE3E3D	adjudicated	4	I bought this so I could leave the laptop home and have more room in my carry-on for a recent vacation. I have a few issues with it - it burns power fairly quickly. Once the Kindle goes into sleep mode, it doesn't work properly when you wake up the kindle. You have to turn off bluetooth mode, reboot the keyboard, turn bluetooth mode back on and re-pair the kindle and keyboard.  I find this extremely frustrating - I don't know that I would have chosen this case/keyboard had I known this would be an issue. The keyboard is not compatible with some of the apps I use which have chat - also frustrating but not a huge problem. Finally, the purple is MUCH darker than pictured - much more plum than the light pinkish purple pictured.  It doesn't change the function of the case, but it was a disappointment.
R3QWO687WUWM6Z	adjudicated	0	It's a one-for-one replacement for the original OEM charger.  There's not much to like or dislike.  It works.  It is what it is.
R2JWTUW25SGMS	adjudicated	2	The gateway computer looks good and I like that but the slowness of the laptop right here in America means the laptop would have been even slower in Africa. My intend of this laptop was to carry it back home for my family in school to use for study. So my concern is the poor network back home.
RH4F6TPEYIADJ	adjudicated	1	I bought this card for my canon G11 new camera, but the speed is the same when saving RAW images(10 Megas), and for the time when reviewing pictures at the camera the are really slow.    When importing pictures to a Windows PC yo wont see the speed much faster that any other brand. I suggest to buy other brand rather than this one.    I own a Kingston Class 2 and the speed is almost the same.
R27HDF9B4MD5ZG	adjudicated	3	It works great as a wireless access point as far as in home streaming and wireless signal, however the software is in a very beta state.  Home Automation features simply don't deliver (rule builder in beta firmware, can't edit rules, only add/delete, can't group things together, etc). Overall the product is sold based on what it \\"could be\\" as opposed to what it is now.  Their support is definitely fantastic, but that's because the product doesn't deliver on what was promised.<br /><br />Make sure to browse the forums before purchasing.  The unit certainly does have a lot of potential, however, I am flat out surprised that this is being sold to consumers in its current state.<br /><br />The most disturbing thing to me about this product/company is that on their homepage they advertise it like it's a completed product.  For example if you check out their homepage, they have two (of the four) videos showcasing the A+ working with Phillips Hue products like it's at least one of the HA things that works (and are quite proud of showing it off during CES 2013).  If you check out the forums they have posts talking about the Phillips Hue not working on production models in August 2014 and as of latest firmware in February R070 and latest Android application, the bulbs show as \\"Not Supported.\\"  Of course \\"it's coming\\" is always the response (4-5 months later) and their developers are still busy fixing major issues such as in the latest February firmware R070 is fixing things like \\"Garbled data on WAN port\\" and \\"Wi-fi performance is still not optimized\\" as a known bug.  Still can't edit a simple port forwarding rule in the main GUI without completely deleting and then re-adding it back.  It's all these little (or unsupported) things that are advertised as being consumer ready/polished that is misleading.<br /><br />I'm still giving it a 3 star rating because it's functional as a replacement router.  \\"It's OK\\" is about right, and the hardware does seem to have a lot of potential, but it's far from being a very good (or non-beta) product.  It's definitely still a Kickstarter \\"project\\" despite being funded for 2 years after the initial Kickstarter being funded.eing a very good (or non-beta) product.  It's definitely still a Kickstarter \\"project\\" despite being funded for 2 years after the initial Kickstarter being funded.
R20SRJE4B1BJOE	adjudicated	1	Product shipped fast. Card looks legit, but after doing a few test I am very suspicious. Card reads at 8-9mbps access speed with a size of 14.90gigs of storage.  I have noticed some issues with pictures not being stored properly with a camera app that requires a Class 10 card.<br /><br />If you need a cheap card that you don't need to trust with wedding photos or catching bigfoot on camera this card will work for you.
R1L6V8DV003UFZ	adjudicated	2	Was decent with my PC. I thought that signal strength was kind of weak even though it was better than my last netgear router.<br /><br />Does not support simultaneous dual band. I have had trouble with this router. Two of my apple products don't work well with this router (apple TV and iMac). I would suggest buying an airport extreme if you want better compatibility with your apple products.<br /><br />I'm going to have to upgrate to an airport extreme. I'm just waiting for the next generation router to come out with 802.11.ac.
R144UG1JRZW5SE	adjudicated	4	Like many, I had high hopes for the Kindle Fire and after using it for a few days, here are my first impressions and why I had to end-up returning it.<br /><br />Size:  I really like the size, it fits into my hands well and can comfortably hold it in one hand.  (unlike the iPad).  It can easily fit into some of my coat pockets.  I would expect that next generations Fire's will be thinner and lighter, which still has a way to go.<br /><br />Color screen:  Colors are vibrant and good resolution, but not HD quality yet....<br /><br />Software issues:  The biggest aggravation I had with the Kindle is the total system lock.  The Kindle would \\"FREEZE\\" on me at least once everytime I used it.  It would become completely non-responsive, to the touch screen or anything....just plain frozen.  The only way to unfreeze it was to do a hard shut down.  That was very aggravating and the primary reason wny I had to return it.<br /><br />Video Freezing:  Similar to the total device freezing, the video would also completely freeze on me 1-2 minutes into a video.  I have one of the latest Belkin N routers designed for wireless video, so I don't believe that's the problem.  But in any case, I could not complete a single video without complete freezing up.<br /><br />Apps:  Disappointed with the selection of the Apps....<br /><br />Also, too much of the experience seemed more about how I can spend more money on Amazon and less about delighting me with an outstanding experience.  This is opposite of teh Apple model.<br /><br />I am a big Amazon fan, Prime customer etc....and really wanted the FIRE to be a better device, but it ultimately disappointed me with the overall user experience....I'm in a dilemma now....spend more money for an iPad, or wait for the next gen Fire?
R3C1RASM21H0DO	adjudicated	2	I got my monitor not to long ago. The color is great can't say more then that. On white backgrounds I noticed that the left of the monitor has a slight yellow tint. If your gaming or video watching you don't notice it, but when browsing the internet on white backgrounds the slight yellow tint starts to be come noticeable. I decided to return the monitor for a full refund and reorder hoping that the next monitor wont have this problem.
R2XN2I4AY295R3	adjudicated	2	I bought two of these. The first one runs great, no problems at all. The second one would not shut off. You press the power button, and it says it's going to power off but all it does is restart. Also google play icon was ineffectual, all I got was a blank screen. I tried to uninstall and replace it, but the system said no, and refused my request. I had to return the second one. I'll wait for it to be refunded to my account, and then buy a third hoping it is more like the first. If these are truly refurbished......................I know..... quality control. Or more like a lot less quality, and a very little control.
R1JE6DI75CNQZS	adjudicated	2	I think you are getting what you pay for. there is a rubbery smell as most customers have said but it isnt too bad and you can air it out. I received the package 10 days late, because UPS is very problematic when it comes to my neighborhood. The color looks a little different than the picture. the case isnt extremely protective but its good if you want to carry it in your bag for that extra protection and to avoid scratches etc..
R183XEY21974W6	adjudicated	3	This is a great case in terms of design. It protects the Kindle well and keeps the light out of view until needed. When turned on, the light is adequate for reading comfortably. However, this case is much too heavy for reading with one hand like the pictures show. The Kindle itself is feather-light. However with the case on the weight increases greatly. After a few minutes of one-handed reading my hand begins to tire. In order to read with the case on, I have to use two hands or brace it up against something like a desk. Otherwise, it is more comfortable to read without the case on.
R39CNH9CRHXYW6	adjudicated	3	If you don't already own a Dell Mini 9 you should.  It's a great machine.<br /><br />This bag is fine, but it really wasn't designed specifically for the mini9.  There are straps inside but they do nothing to secure the computer like any good laptop bag should.  Be sure to place the bag on a table first before opening, and check to make sure it's zipped up before lifting!<br /><br />My other complaint is that it was almost real work to shove the power cord into the accessory pocket.  It does fit but barely..  And I do suggest opening the bag's plastic packaging in an open-air environment.  The artificial leather does give off some fumes on the initial open.<br /><br />Overall the bag is not perfect but does fit the Mini 9 and its power cord for a reasonable price.
R3J2LCZNNIFF3B	adjudicated	1	Doesn't work with all Coby's. I have a Kyros 7022. Doesn't recognize this model but works with the Kyros 7024. Check compatibility online before ordering. Does work with my desktop so I know it's not the keyboard but a compatibility problem with my Coby.
R3JMON7OIXN9SX	adjudicated	2	both work but the nano 2 makes you load the card into the \\"mouth\\" of the usb connector rather than in the back like the nano 1. I would buy the nano 1 rather than the 2.  I first thought the nano 2 was not working because the card wasn't recognized even though it was all the way flush with the usb connector, but when i pushed on the card with my fingernail even though it didn't seem to move and seemed to be all the way in it was then recognized.  I was able to reproduce this situation repeatedly so it apparently isn't a fluke.  Or you could save yourself the aggravation and get the nano 1
R2KMQGHN1XD3YG	adjudicated	2	well I followed the instructions on installing  it and I noticed some faint marks up under it after it was applied. and I thought, oh no, I may have to re-do the dang thing. well it tells you to let it set up for 24 hrs. which I have done. I came back to look at it, and it is clear as glass! all marks gone! I am IN LOVE WITH THIS!!!!!!! in the past every one I have ever tried to apply was a pain in the butt to apply and always looked like crap afterwards! not true with this one!!!!!!!!! I will see  how it goes in the long-run. but for right now, I love it, and yes I would order this again! as a matter of fact I will bookmark this one!!!! THANK YOU ARMORSUIT!!!!!!!!!!   updated review.... they swear by their screen protectors &#34;healing&#34; any scratches that appear. not really true. had 2 scratches only days after installing it, and yep still there. but it was a pain installing it as well.
RHER8VVCTGIT1	adjudicated	2	Tried this in my old Sony 2 megapixel camera (supposed to be the max size) and it didn't recognize it.     Service was good though.
R3C5YCX5SQB9N8	adjudicated	4	I bought this product to use with a Galaxy Tab 10.1\\" tablet. Wishful thinking got me expecting complete functionality for the various buttons and the scroll wheel. The reviewers who've said there's nothing Android-specific about the mouse are right. Logitech says \\"for Android 3.1+\\". This would be more accurate: \\"works with Android 3.1+.\\"<br /><br />What works... single- and double-clicking with either button or the scroll wheel: same result as you'd expect from single- and double-tapping with a finger.<br /><br />Scroll wheel: scrolls web pages, pages within a text editor, long scrolling lists within menus.<br /><br />Clicking and dragging: same as dragging with a finger.<br /><br />What doesn't work: Separate functionality for the left and right buttons? Nope. Left- and right-\\"tilt\\" of the scroll wheel? No effect.<br /><br />The ability to scroll with the wheel is definitely handy -- likewise, the mouse's ability to target scroll-arrows and scroll bars precisely -- something that can be difficult to do with a finger. This precision makes working with web-forms much easier than it would otherwise be. (No luck dragging scroll _handles_, though. Oh well.)<br /><br />Flaws: The mouse pointer sometimes takes as long as 20 seconds to appear while a web page is loading. Why this would be, I don't know. Bit of an irritation with slow-loading pages. On occasion the Bluetooth connection fails. Getting it back has required going through the full pairing procedure. Now that's irritating. My Zagg Bluetooth keyboard has no such problems.<br /><br />One full star off for extremely poor documentation as supplied with the product -- not even minimal information about pairing (I already knew how; someone new to using Bluetooth might have trouble figuring it out).<br /><br />The \\"information\\" in the Getting Started pamphlet shows, but doesn't even bother explaining when to use, the small Connect button on the underside. For crying out loud, why not? What, are we saving ink here? There's a web page whose URL appears in the pamphlet: \\"for Bluetooth setup instructions for your tablet.\\" Wrong. The PDF you can download from that page is identical to the noticeable-in-its-absence information in the minimalist paperwork supplied with the mouse. Adventures In Discoverability: the real-world pairing information is actually on one of Logitech's FAQ pages: [...]<br /><br />[EDIT: looks as if Amazon scrubbed the URL. Look at the Logitech FAQ page -- easy enough to find -- for the link to the 'how to pair' topic.]<br /><br />That they would have omitted so much information, when it would have cost them nothing to include it, is inexcusable. Shame, Logitech. Take a lesson from Zagg, whose (supplied) documentation for paring its Bluetooth keyboard does the job quite well.<br /><br />So the thing works and, despite its limitions, will be useful when I'm using the tablet on a stand. No doubt it will be much more useful when it's paired with a laptop or Bluetooth-enabled desktop system. (Well, unless its irritating habit of losing the connection persists.) Just don't expect complete functionality in Honeycomb. Wonder if it's any different in ICS...<br /><br />[EDIT: a friend with a Motorola tablet has also had mixed success with mice. He reports the same problems I've observed: pointer freezes, disappears, takes a while to reappear. He figures it's a problem generally with mouse support in Android. Beats me...]
R2RLPQRNW2TADW	adjudicated	2	It It does have may great features, but there are some I wish t had. I wish that the Appstore had a bigger selection like Google play, there are many apps I can get on android than I can get on this device, like Instagram, or the Time Warner Cable app, there are many more I can think of, but these are just a few. Also in your next model, I'm sure if you had a rear facing camera, sales would go through the roof!
R30D9IBWWTG7HX	adjudicated	2	I had picked this up in hopes of saving myself the trouble of running a cat-5 cable to my son's room for his xbox.  I have a Windows Home server with about 20 TB of data on it, as well as a media center PC that I use the three Xboxes in my house to extend to other TV's.  So I needed something that would give me enough speed to stream multimedia.  This was worth a shot, as I know someone who has another older, slower version that had great luck with it.<br /><br />Setup was simple.  Nothing to it, just plugged them in and it worked.  Doesn't get any simpler than that.<br /><br />But speeds, ugh...  Even on the same circuit (i.e. not going through the circuit box to another room or something), speeds were just horrible in my house.  Even my internet was faster, so this became the slow point for any network activity.  And I had problems streaming media over it.<br /><br />For someone who just wants to surf the web and check email and such without doing wireless or running cables, this will work perfectly.  But if you're hoping to save the effort of running cable and want to do more file based things, this may not suit your needs.
R34SWGBVL5EI73	adjudicated	2	Very good price. Muffled sound. No highs. Good for for kids and their gaming, not for music.