R109QIZ2MRMIRV	547	4	"I have been using the kindle app on my ipad to read books for some time. Although this works really well, the size and weight of the ipad made this a tad uncomfortable. I couldn't really tuck it into a handbag much smaller than a tote bag. I had friends who really liked their kindles and I thought Id like the smaller, more manageable size. Out of the box, I had a really exasperating time trying to get it to connect to my home wireless network. After about an hour, I went online (on the ipad) and got some answers, several of which were quite informative. Obviously, I was not the only one with this issue. After resetting my wireless router and manually typing the IP address into the kindle; success!!! Only took about an hour and a half. Contrast this with my apple products which took about 5 minutes. Strike one for the kindle. Web browsing, both at home and on my work network is a little slow, but adequate. I'll find out when I use it more to access the web which will probably not be at home. Much larger screen size on the ipad or my laptop makes those a far more functional choice for web browsing. My choice of the kindle was primarily for reading. One of the things I like about the other kindles is the non-glare screen with the e-ink display. The fire, unfortunately, has a screen which more resembles the ipad, making it difficult to read in direct light and with numerous reflections on the screen. I have to say that I'm quite disappointed with the reading ease because of this. I was hoping that the fire had a screen like the less expensive kindles. Fingerprints are an issue with the fire also and this is no different from the apple products I own. Overall, I like the fire with the reservations in web connectivity and reading ease. I'm editing this review. I just returned from a cruise. I like to read on the deck. It was impossible to do this on this kindle. I should have taken the cheapie kindle. The only way I could read was to get in the shade.  Defeats the whole purpose of a kindle.urpose of a kindle."
R109QIZ2MRMIRV	Eddie	4	"I have been using the kindle app on my ipad to read books for some time. Although this works really well, the size and weight of the ipad made this a tad uncomfortable. I couldn't really tuck it into a handbag much smaller than a tote bag. I had friends who really liked their kindles and I thought Id like the smaller, more manageable size. Out of the box, I had a really exasperating time trying to get it to connect to my home wireless network. After about an hour, I went online (on the ipad) and got some answers, several of which were quite informative. Obviously, I was not the only one with this issue. After resetting my wireless router and manually typing the IP address into the kindle; success!!! Only took about an hour and a half. Contrast this with my apple products which took about 5 minutes. Strike one for the kindle. Web browsing, both at home and on my work network is a little slow, but adequate. I'll find out when I use it more to access the web which will probably not be at home. Much larger screen size on the ipad or my laptop makes those a far more functional choice for web browsing. My choice of the kindle was primarily for reading. One of the things I like about the other kindles is the non-glare screen with the e-ink display. The fire, unfortunately, has a screen which more resembles the ipad, making it difficult to read in direct light and with numerous reflections on the screen. I have to say that I'm quite disappointed with the reading ease because of this. I was hoping that the fire had a screen like the less expensive kindles. Fingerprints are an issue with the fire also and this is no different from the apple products I own. Overall, I like the fire with the reservations in web connectivity and reading ease. I'm editing this review. I just returned from a cruise. I like to read on the deck. It was impossible to do this on this kindle. I should have taken the cheapie kindle. The only way I could read was to get in the shade.  Defeats the whole purpose of a kindle.urpose of a kindle."
R10DUFR31OAMGY	547	2	"The cable I purchased is not the one pictured, and I can tell you why. It<br />is a 'bulk' style cable made by Belkin (I checked the UPC registry), NOT<br />the PRO Series pictured with the strain relief.<br />The PRO Series from Belkin has the strain relief, model numbers ending in<br />-S, e.g. A3L791-25-S purchased from Amazon. Be aware of this, I see other<br />reviewers complained also. The FastCAT 5e series also has strain relief,<br />e.g. part #A3L850-07KS-MOD. The 'S' in the part # means strain relief as<br />part of the manufacture. Look for this when buying Belden cables and you<br />won't feel deceived or burned by the seller, unless they ship the wrong<br />part number to you. In this case make sure what you're buying first. Even<br />so I had no problem using these bulk style cables."
R10DUFR31OAMGY	Eddie	1	"The cable I purchased is not the one pictured, and I can tell you why. It<br />is a 'bulk' style cable made by Belkin (I checked the UPC registry), NOT<br />the PRO Series pictured with the strain relief.<br />The PRO Series from Belkin has the strain relief, model numbers ending in<br />-S, e.g. A3L791-25-S purchased from Amazon. Be aware of this, I see other<br />reviewers complained also. The FastCAT 5e series also has strain relief,<br />e.g. part #A3L850-07KS-MOD. The 'S' in the part # means strain relief as<br />part of the manufacture. Look for this when buying Belden cables and you<br />won't feel deceived or burned by the seller, unless they ship the wrong<br />part number to you. In this case make sure what you're buying first. Even<br />so I had no problem using these bulk style cables."
R10NVCJXU3XT99	547	1	"Worked as expected out from the box, and was expecting it to come with the additional adapter for demanding peripherals, but it wasn't included, still it's a nice part for when you have to work in older laptops"
R10NVCJXU3XT99	Eddie	1	"Worked as expected out from the box, and was expecting it to come with the additional adapter for demanding peripherals, but it wasn't included, still it's a nice part for when you have to work in older laptops"
R11LT5EV8LOLVI	547	2	"The laptop cooler seemed to be very well made. I never got to plug it in and test it though. I have an Alienware M17x (17\\""). I set the laptop on the cooler, and it immediately slid off. Something about the design of the laptop and the angle of this cooler just didn't mesh. I sadly returned it."
R11LT5EV8LOLVI	Eddie	3	"The laptop cooler seemed to be very well made. I never got to plug it in and test it though. I have an Alienware M17x (17\\""). I set the laptop on the cooler, and it immediately slid off. Something about the design of the laptop and the angle of this cooler just didn't mesh. I sadly returned it."
R12BQTAZGI86KX	547	1	"This is a nice keyboard, but it is missing the print screen (Prt Sc) Key.  I use that key all the time to share information with people.  I would trade any of the Blue features under the function keys for the Print Screen key.  For example, the lock key, or the email key, or Home key, or the mute volume key, etc."
R12BQTAZGI86KX	Eddie	2	"This is a nice keyboard, but it is missing the print screen (Prt Sc) Key.  I use that key all the time to share information with people.  I would trade any of the Blue features under the function keys for the Print Screen key.  For example, the lock key, or the email key, or Home key, or the mute volume key, etc."
R130R6DBQU19H6	547	2	"The instructions that come with this are not all that helpful, and setup takes some work.  I found additional material on the web that got me going, and in the end it wasn't too bad.  I have this centered upstairs and base station is downstairs at one end of the house, have much better signal coverage of whole house now.  You will need some level of understanding of networks etc to make this work, but I'm not an expert and I got it done."
R130R6DBQU19H6	Eddie	2	"The instructions that come with this are not all that helpful, and setup takes some work.  I found additional material on the web that got me going, and in the end it wasn't too bad.  I have this centered upstairs and base station is downstairs at one end of the house, have much better signal coverage of whole house now.  You will need some level of understanding of networks etc to make this work, but I'm not an expert and I got it done."
R1367KWBP33G8A	547	2	"although this item has been used for a while now by my son we noticed that what was pictured is not what we received. The mouse does not have a micro usb toggle like the picture shows.  However; we ordered three of these kits and his mouse is the only one that still works.  Putting the long USB aside, the mouse is rechargeable by plugging into the computer with a cord provided.  If I knew for sure that another order came with this kind of mouse I would definitely order another."
R1367KWBP33G8A	Eddie	2	"although this item has been used for a while now by my son we noticed that what was pictured is not what we received. The mouse does not have a micro usb toggle like the picture shows.  However; we ordered three of these kits and his mouse is the only one that still works.  Putting the long USB aside, the mouse is rechargeable by plugging into the computer with a cord provided.  If I knew for sure that another order came with this kind of mouse I would definitely order another."
R13CZ6MZRTF92O	547	2	"Gorgeous monitor, but after i set everything up I notice a dead pixel about two inches from the bottom and ten inches in from the right side. It appears as a tiny green spec. It's not a huge issue, but for $200 I don't want any imperfections. I've submitted a return order and will update this review when I get the replacement."
R13CZ6MZRTF92O	Eddie	2	"Gorgeous monitor, but after i set everything up I notice a dead pixel about two inches from the bottom and ten inches in from the right side. It appears as a tiny green spec. It's not a huge issue, but for $200 I don't want any imperfections. I've submitted a return order and will update this review when I get the replacement."
R13D2JNQ74UCAP	547	1	"The product is okay, you can't stand it up very well like shown in the picture, and sometimes there is a problem with the keyboard connecting."
R13D2JNQ74UCAP	Eddie	2	"The product is okay, you can't stand it up very well like shown in the picture, and sometimes there is a problem with the keyboard connecting."
R13JX1JX9IFA3S	547	1	"Case is smaller than tablet, it cracked at the top from stretching too tight. Doesn't fit around one side."
R13JX1JX9IFA3S	Eddie	1	"Case is smaller than tablet, it cracked at the top from stretching too tight. Doesn't fit around one side."
R144UG1JRZW5SE	547	4	"Like many, I had high hopes for the Kindle Fire and after using it for a few days, here are my first impressions and why I had to end-up returning it.<br /><br />Size:  I really like the size, it fits into my hands well and can comfortably hold it in one hand.  (unlike the iPad).  It can easily fit into some of my coat pockets.  I would expect that next generations Fire's will be thinner and lighter, which still has a way to go.<br /><br />Color screen:  Colors are vibrant and good resolution, but not HD quality yet....<br /><br />Software issues:  The biggest aggravation I had with the Kindle is the total system lock.  The Kindle would \\""FREEZE\\"" on me at least once everytime I used it.  It would become completely non-responsive, to the touch screen or anything....just plain frozen.  The only way to unfreeze it was to do a hard shut down.  That was very aggravating and the primary reason wny I had to return it.<br /><br />Video Freezing:  Similar to the total device freezing, the video would also completely freeze on me 1-2 minutes into a video.  I have one of the latest Belkin N routers designed for wireless video, so I don't believe that's the problem.  But in any case, I could not complete a single video without complete freezing up.<br /><br />Apps:  Disappointed with the selection of the Apps....<br /><br />Also, too much of the experience seemed more about how I can spend more money on Amazon and less about delighting me with an outstanding experience.  This is opposite of teh Apple model.<br /><br />I am a big Amazon fan, Prime customer etc....and really wanted the FIRE to be a better device, but it ultimately disappointed me with the overall user experience....I'm in a dilemma now....spend more money for an iPad, or wait for the next gen Fire?"
R144UG1JRZW5SE	Eddie	4	"Like many, I had high hopes for the Kindle Fire and after using it for a few days, here are my first impressions and why I had to end-up returning it.<br /><br />Size:  I really like the size, it fits into my hands well and can comfortably hold it in one hand.  (unlike the iPad).  It can easily fit into some of my coat pockets.  I would expect that next generations Fire's will be thinner and lighter, which still has a way to go.<br /><br />Color screen:  Colors are vibrant and good resolution, but not HD quality yet....<br /><br />Software issues:  The biggest aggravation I had with the Kindle is the total system lock.  The Kindle would \\""FREEZE\\"" on me at least once everytime I used it.  It would become completely non-responsive, to the touch screen or anything....just plain frozen.  The only way to unfreeze it was to do a hard shut down.  That was very aggravating and the primary reason wny I had to return it.<br /><br />Video Freezing:  Similar to the total device freezing, the video would also completely freeze on me 1-2 minutes into a video.  I have one of the latest Belkin N routers designed for wireless video, so I don't believe that's the problem.  But in any case, I could not complete a single video without complete freezing up.<br /><br />Apps:  Disappointed with the selection of the Apps....<br /><br />Also, too much of the experience seemed more about how I can spend more money on Amazon and less about delighting me with an outstanding experience.  This is opposite of teh Apple model.<br /><br />I am a big Amazon fan, Prime customer etc....and really wanted the FIRE to be a better device, but it ultimately disappointed me with the overall user experience....I'm in a dilemma now....spend more money for an iPad, or wait for the next gen Fire?"
R14IM3OOKMLGIT	547	0	"works just fine but way over priced.... not that i have found them cheaper, because i havent."
R14IM3OOKMLGIT	Eddie	0	"works just fine but way over priced.... not that i have found them cheaper, because i havent."
R14NAQGUBKQROU	547	1	"Since this is a video only device I thought linux drivers would be a non-issue, however not only did the manufacturer ignore linux, but even the community drivers are not mature yet.  My distro is arch."
R14NAQGUBKQROU	Eddie	1	"Since this is a video only device I thought linux drivers would be a non-issue, however not only did the manufacturer ignore linux, but even the community drivers are not mature yet.  My distro is arch."
R14T4O7Y9USGJX	547	2	"I used this stylus on an iPad, iPhone, and Kindle Fire. You have to frequently tap in order for whatever you're typing or trying to click on to work. Doesn't work as well as my other stylus that has a bigger, softer tip."
R14T4O7Y9USGJX	Eddie	2	"I used this stylus on an iPad, iPhone, and Kindle Fire. You have to frequently tap in order for whatever you're typing or trying to click on to work. Doesn't work as well as my other stylus that has a bigger, softer tip."
R14V97DU6DN31S	547	3	"When I first received it in the mail (shipped very quickly), I was incredibly excited for it. I had a speck one and was immediately in love with this one more. This has features that the speck one didn't have-with its stand, it could stand vertically and horizontally; also, rather than just a peg to stand it up (only horizontally like my speck), it has an entire slot (I hope that makes sense). Also, it rotates. Also, it has an entire plastic backing rather than just 3/4 of it. It has some very nice features. The cover of it is thick so I felt as if my screen were protected. However, 2 months down the line, the thing is falling apart. The outside print (very cute and unique print I might add) is coming off from the hard plastic. the corner is chipping off, leading me to believe that in just a few months my iPad is going to fall out. In theory, it is an excellent iPad case. It still has features I really love, but as of right now, I'm not satisfied because its breaking after less than two months."
R14V97DU6DN31S	Eddie	4	"When I first received it in the mail (shipped very quickly), I was incredibly excited for it. I had a speck one and was immediately in love with this one more. This has features that the speck one didn't have-with its stand, it could stand vertically and horizontally; also, rather than just a peg to stand it up (only horizontally like my speck), it has an entire slot (I hope that makes sense). Also, it rotates. Also, it has an entire plastic backing rather than just 3/4 of it. It has some very nice features. The cover of it is thick so I felt as if my screen were protected. However, 2 months down the line, the thing is falling apart. The outside print (very cute and unique print I might add) is coming off from the hard plastic. the corner is chipping off, leading me to believe that in just a few months my iPad is going to fall out. In theory, it is an excellent iPad case. It still has features I really love, but as of right now, I'm not satisfied because its breaking after less than two months."
R15V7MC32Q3FET	547	5	"This is my update to my earlier review in which I noted that this &#34; tablet began deleting newly installed apps on reboot after a system update and this continued after a factory reset. Others cite the same problem at postings on the Lenovo Community website under the headings 'Idea Tab A8-50 (A5500) paid apps won't install' and 'applications won't install'. Eventually another user posted the fix on the Lenovo Community website which required installing the beta version of the Google Play Store software (at the time, not yet released on the Google Play Store) from a geek site that had the beta version. Neither Lenovo nor Google would acknowledge the problem leaving A8-50 owners on their own. This did fix the problem described in my first review. So with this fix, it's a decent tablet. Nice screen size, decent resolution, decent sound. Its biggest limitations are: 1.) its limited memory (16 gb). 2.) There is at least one Lenovo App installed that Norton has rated as a high security risk, a problem similar to that found recently on other Lenovo products.  3.) Lenovo still has not released an Android OS update, so the A8-50 runs Kit Kat rather than Lolipop, putting the OS several generations back. 4.) In that it's own software is a security risk, a somewhat antagonistic relationship with its customers. Because Lenovo still has not updated the OS, I can not recommend this tablet. Still, a decent tablet for the kids."
R15V7MC32Q3FET	Eddie	5	"This is my update to my earlier review in which I noted that this &#34; tablet began deleting newly installed apps on reboot after a system update and this continued after a factory reset. Others cite the same problem at postings on the Lenovo Community website under the headings 'Idea Tab A8-50 (A5500) paid apps won't install' and 'applications won't install'. Eventually another user posted the fix on the Lenovo Community website which required installing the beta version of the Google Play Store software (at the time, not yet released on the Google Play Store) from a geek site that had the beta version. Neither Lenovo nor Google would acknowledge the problem leaving A8-50 owners on their own. This did fix the problem described in my first review. So with this fix, it's a decent tablet. Nice screen size, decent resolution, decent sound. Its biggest limitations are: 1.) its limited memory (16 gb). 2.) There is at least one Lenovo App installed that Norton has rated as a high security risk, a problem similar to that found recently on other Lenovo products.  3.) Lenovo still has not released an Android OS update, so the A8-50 runs Kit Kat rather than Lolipop, putting the OS several generations back. 4.) In that it's own software is a security risk, a somewhat antagonistic relationship with its customers. Because Lenovo still has not updated the OS, I can not recommend this tablet. Still, a decent tablet for the kids."
R16B0GHYBK7ZK1	547	1	"We like the case and it protects the iPad but the back holder broke already and we only have it for a month, that is the only thing we are not happy about. So now we can't get it to stand."
R16B0GHYBK7ZK1	Eddie	1	"We like the case and it protects the iPad but the back holder broke already and we only have it for a month, that is the only thing we are not happy about. So now we can't get it to stand."
R170NRIGIEX1MD	547	1	Where the hell are  set of proper instructions?<br />These must have been written by someone in a Gulag...who only spoke Mongolian<br /><br />Is there no website where a proper instructions may be found?
R170NRIGIEX1MD	Eddie	1	Where the hell are  set of proper instructions?<br />These must have been written by someone in a Gulag...who only spoke Mongolian<br /><br />Is there no website where a proper instructions may be found?
R17CJJMH2LEE1Y	547	2	"I liked how it had a stand in the back, however the case did not fit properly. The button on the top right of the mini does not work when it's in the case and you cannot turn off your ipad"
R17CJJMH2LEE1Y	Eddie	2	"I liked how it had a stand in the back, however the case did not fit properly. The button on the top right of the mini does not work when it's in the case and you cannot turn off your ipad"
R17P29JUCCZL5S	547	4	"The bag is of average quality but does its job.  There are a decent amount of pockets and the interior size is adjustable to fit different size laptops. My 17.3\\"" HP Pavilion fits in there with plenty of room to spare and there is enough room for cords, a mouse, and other peripherals.  My only complaint would be the amount of padding aroud the actual laptop compartment.  It could be thicker.  For the price, it is a great case."
R17P29JUCCZL5S	Eddie	5	"The bag is of average quality but does its job.  There are a decent amount of pockets and the interior size is adjustable to fit different size laptops. My 17.3\\"" HP Pavilion fits in there with plenty of room to spare and there is enough room for cords, a mouse, and other peripherals.  My only complaint would be the amount of padding aroud the actual laptop compartment.  It could be thicker.  For the price, it is a great case."
R17XO0LEPCLV7C	547	1	"I have other Twelve South products--a Book Book for my Mac and one for the iPhone--I've used this stand for about a year and, for the most part, it functions okay. That being said, it has a obvious lean to it now and wobbles when I adjust my Mac. For $70 I expected a lot more from this stand. I wound up lowering the stand and tweaking one of the arms up to keep my screen level.<br />Definitely won't be buying one of their stands again. Sorry Twelve South!"
R17XO0LEPCLV7C	Eddie	1	"I have other Twelve South products--a Book Book for my Mac and one for the iPhone--I've used this stand for about a year and, for the most part, it functions okay. That being said, it has a obvious lean to it now and wobbles when I adjust my Mac. For $70 I expected a lot more from this stand. I wound up lowering the stand and tweaking one of the arms up to keep my screen level.<br />Definitely won't be buying one of their stands again. Sorry Twelve South!"
R183XEY21974W6	547	3	"This is a great case in terms of design. It protects the Kindle well and keeps the light out of view until needed. When turned on, the light is adequate for reading comfortably. However, this case is much too heavy for reading with one hand like the pictures show. The Kindle itself is feather-light. However with the case on the weight increases greatly. After a few minutes of one-handed reading my hand begins to tire. In order to read with the case on, I have to use two hands or brace it up against something like a desk. Otherwise, it is more comfortable to read without the case on."
R183XEY21974W6	Eddie	3	"This is a great case in terms of design. It protects the Kindle well and keeps the light out of view until needed. When turned on, the light is adequate for reading comfortably. However, this case is much too heavy for reading with one hand like the pictures show. The Kindle itself is feather-light. However with the case on the weight increases greatly. After a few minutes of one-handed reading my hand begins to tire. In order to read with the case on, I have to use two hands or brace it up against something like a desk. Otherwise, it is more comfortable to read without the case on."
R18BK5YZ2GF7AC	547	1	"This card is an absolute beast at pumping out graphics, and at a great price with a lot of room to over clock. Unfortunately, for whatever reason, mine regularly refuses to display anything on my screen when I turn on my computer. This can be solved by unplugging the card, then reinserting it, but it is quite annoying to half disassemble my rig every time I want to boot. I'm not sure if this is an anomaly with my rig, but for now, this is a big flaw in an otherwise fabulous card."
R18BK5YZ2GF7AC	Eddie	1	"This card is an absolute beast at pumping out graphics, and at a great price with a lot of room to over clock. Unfortunately, for whatever reason, mine regularly refuses to display anything on my screen when I turn on my computer. This can be solved by unplugging the card, then reinserting it, but it is quite annoying to half disassemble my rig every time I want to boot. I'm not sure if this is an anomaly with my rig, but for now, this is a big flaw in an otherwise fabulous card."
R18JCHKAZHX0H5	547	3	"I bought the Kindle Touch for my wife from Amazon. The instructions say that if I bought it from Amazon, it would be preconfigured for my account. This was not the case. I got a Kindle that had somewhat of a charge, but no information. I proceeded to enter in my account info and connect it to my wifi. Everything \\""seemed\\"" to work, but when my wife went to download a book from the Lender's Library (I have Prime), the book just sat in the pending state. I wasn't sure how long it should take to download, but after 24hrs and still in pending, I figured something was wrong. I tried hard rebooting, which didn't work. I tried disconnecting/ reconnecting my wifi and that didn't work either. I then did a factory reset. That restarted the kindle, but on the load up screen, it just froze. I then did another hard reboot and that finally fixed everything. I input my info and the book began downloading immediately.<br /><br />My other gripe is that it's slow to accept inputs. I put in a passcode and I have to wait at least a count of 2 before putting in the next digit. It's just really slow on accepting keyboard inputs. Overall, I would go with the Kindle Fire since it's supposed to have a faster processor."
R18JCHKAZHX0H5	Eddie	3	"I bought the Kindle Touch for my wife from Amazon. The instructions say that if I bought it from Amazon, it would be preconfigured for my account. This was not the case. I got a Kindle that had somewhat of a charge, but no information. I proceeded to enter in my account info and connect it to my wifi. Everything \\""seemed\\"" to work, but when my wife went to download a book from the Lender's Library (I have Prime), the book just sat in the pending state. I wasn't sure how long it should take to download, but after 24hrs and still in pending, I figured something was wrong. I tried hard rebooting, which didn't work. I tried disconnecting/ reconnecting my wifi and that didn't work either. I then did a factory reset. That restarted the kindle, but on the load up screen, it just froze. I then did another hard reboot and that finally fixed everything. I input my info and the book began downloading immediately.<br /><br />My other gripe is that it's slow to accept inputs. I put in a passcode and I have to wait at least a count of 2 before putting in the next digit. It's just really slow on accepting keyboard inputs. Overall, I would go with the Kindle Fire since it's supposed to have a faster processor."
R196NKNPA4Q37Z	547	1	"It's not the easiest thing to apply and it stretches when you tear off the backing, so it gets a little too big for the kindle. As long as you're really careful applying it, it fits nicely and does what it's supposed to do."
R196NKNPA4Q37Z	Eddie	1	"It's not the easiest thing to apply and it stretches when you tear off the backing, so it gets a little too big for the kindle. As long as you're really careful applying it, it fits nicely and does what it's supposed to do."
R198VD59JQATOJ	547	2	"Good quality, very pretty. Arrived in good condition & in a timely manner. Installation is tricky, but not too difficult with patience.<br />I was disappointed because it didn't fit quite right. It's missing 2 of 3 cut outs along the bottom edge where there are small rubber stops on the laptop to keep the lid from slamming. I didn't want to return it because it matched the photo & I hadn't realized it wasn't right until installation, so I just cut them out with a super sharp exacto. I don't know if there are 2 versions of this laptop, just be aware if your's has 3 rubber stops across the bottom edge, you will need to alter this skin."
R198VD59JQATOJ	Eddie	2	"Good quality, very pretty. Arrived in good condition & in a timely manner. Installation is tricky, but not too difficult with patience.<br />I was disappointed because it didn't fit quite right. It's missing 2 of 3 cut outs along the bottom edge where there are small rubber stops on the laptop to keep the lid from slamming. I didn't want to return it because it matched the photo & I hadn't realized it wasn't right until installation, so I just cut them out with a super sharp exacto. I don't know if there are 2 versions of this laptop, just be aware if your's has 3 rubber stops across the bottom edge, you will need to alter this skin."
R19G3G682HPN0T	547	0	"Delivered on time, but It showed some troubles when connected to socks!!<br />Despite of being the orignal, not so good as it should be, I needed to replace the cable!!!"
R19G3G682HPN0T	Eddie	1	"Delivered on time, but It showed some troubles when connected to socks!!<br />Despite of being the orignal, not so good as it should be, I needed to replace the cable!!!"
R19T81TV61JEB1	547	2	"&#34;Well first the bad news... It does smell. What's up guys? You sharing the production plant with Goodyear tires? Anyway... The magnetic cover works but sporadically. Otherwise, if you can get passed these issues it is a nice looking case. The ipad mini fits in really well and looks like a cool journal when closed. &#34;"
R19T81TV61JEB1	Eddie	2	"&#34;Well first the bad news... It does smell. What's up guys? You sharing the production plant with Goodyear tires? Anyway... The magnetic cover works but sporadically. Otherwise, if you can get passed these issues it is a nice looking case. The ipad mini fits in really well and looks like a cool journal when closed. &#34;"
R19XW6DABUHT0A	547	2	"look, it is me and not you... i bought these to help store my various white apple ear buds neatly, but these turned out to be better as a cord shortener rather than a ear bud storer/organizer. maybe that was explained explicitly in the item description, but hey am i suppose to read those things that closely for an intuitive item like this? anyhow, i do have one legitimate gripe with this item, which is that the notches at the top and bottom of the \\""core\\"" where you thread your cords into are a bit tight and i feel like i am going to rip the cord in half every time i pull them into the notches...because, you know, i am really strong!"
R19XW6DABUHT0A	Eddie	2	"look, it is me and not you... i bought these to help store my various white apple ear buds neatly, but these turned out to be better as a cord shortener rather than a ear bud storer/organizer. maybe that was explained explicitly in the item description, but hey am i suppose to read those things that closely for an intuitive item like this? anyhow, i do have one legitimate gripe with this item, which is that the notches at the top and bottom of the \\""core\\"" where you thread your cords into are a bit tight and i feel like i am going to rip the cord in half every time i pull them into the notches...because, you know, i am really strong!"
R1A4YE7WBBB7MJ	547	2	Durable case.  I saved me from plenty of drops.  Biggest down side is the cut out for the front cameras.  It is completely off alignment making the camera unuseable.  Not a deal breaker for me....(not big with skype)  but I pretty sure it would erk others.  The keyboard aspect is awesome.  All the short cuts and buttons work as they should.  I don't expect to be able to type like a normal keyboard and you won't but it does help versus the touch screen keyboard.
R1A4YE7WBBB7MJ	Eddie	3	Durable case.  I saved me from plenty of drops.  Biggest down side is the cut out for the front cameras.  It is completely off alignment making the camera unuseable.  Not a deal breaker for me....(not big with skype)  but I pretty sure it would erk others.  The keyboard aspect is awesome.  All the short cuts and buttons work as they should.  I don't expect to be able to type like a normal keyboard and you won't but it does help versus the touch screen keyboard.
R1AGKV164MUVG5	547	2	"Not an ideal board for fx8350 users! Apparently the fx 8350 cpu can draw more than 120w when it's reaching maximum load which will cause some hiccups to occur. One of these hiccups includes intermittent disconnects from lan connection. I've had the issue on both my wireless usb nic and the integrated wired nic.<br />It's been a persistent issue since day one using this board and I've tried updating the bios, reformatting with a different version of windows, disabling OC features in bios, the list is nearly endless...<br /><br />This issue is the only thing I dislike about the board. I'm sure that if I were using a lower end cpu with less power consumption this wouldn't be an issue.<br />Also, side note - we also have another pc with the same mobo/cpu combo but with a different gpu and that rig also experiences the same problem. This other pc is used lightly since its operator is 70 years old.<br />(the other 3 pc's in the house have zero issues with lan disconnections, just the two with this mobo+cpu combo)"
R1AGKV164MUVG5	Eddie	2	"Not an ideal board for fx8350 users! Apparently the fx 8350 cpu can draw more than 120w when it's reaching maximum load which will cause some hiccups to occur. One of these hiccups includes intermittent disconnects from lan connection. I've had the issue on both my wireless usb nic and the integrated wired nic.<br />It's been a persistent issue since day one using this board and I've tried updating the bios, reformatting with a different version of windows, disabling OC features in bios, the list is nearly endless...<br /><br />This issue is the only thing I dislike about the board. I'm sure that if I were using a lower end cpu with less power consumption this wouldn't be an issue.<br />Also, side note - we also have another pc with the same mobo/cpu combo but with a different gpu and that rig also experiences the same problem. This other pc is used lightly since its operator is 70 years old.<br />(the other 3 pc's in the house have zero issues with lan disconnections, just the two with this mobo+cpu combo)"
R1AWO43165SM5D	547	1	"The background is far from white, closer to grey.  It also has a glare from the lamp/other light source, which you wouldn't experience in a printed book."
R1AWO43165SM5D	Eddie	2	"The background is far from white, closer to grey.  It also has a glare from the lamp/other light source, which you wouldn't experience in a printed book."
R1BI7UKRIOAIKQ	547	1	"The fit is good but the color is not represented accurately.  The description says sky blue which is a good description but the photo is beautiful turquoise.  It is a very light blue like, well, the sky.  Wish there was an option to get a darker key guard."
R1BI7UKRIOAIKQ	Eddie	1	"The fit is good but the color is not represented accurately.  The description says sky blue which is a good description but the photo is beautiful turquoise.  It is a very light blue like, well, the sky.  Wish there was an option to get a darker key guard."
R1BQ3YC0RXXQIA	547	1	"Eh- the mouse works well, I'll say that. I've had it less than 4 hours and have already determined my thumb is either way too fat or they designed this mouse horribly, as the forward and back button rub against it constantly. The programmable buttons only work once youve activated them from the UI, they do not automatically work on system startup. All in all, rather disappointed with it."
R1BQ3YC0RXXQIA	Eddie	1	"Eh- the mouse works well, I'll say that. I've had it less than 4 hours and have already determined my thumb is either way too fat or they designed this mouse horribly, as the forward and back button rub against it constantly. The programmable buttons only work once youve activated them from the UI, they do not automatically work on system startup. All in all, rather disappointed with it."
R1BVAQQ4HF9D2B	547	5	"As the iPad continues to have handwriting and note applications created for it, the demand for a high quality stylus will only continue to grow higher. I for one want to surrender my pad and paper forever. I use NoteTaker HD and found the Boxwave to be an OK product. First, it's only about 2/3s the size of an average pen. This makes it difficult to hold and clumsy. Secondly, the product lacks any weight which I personally feel doesn't provide the balance you need for proper handwriting. Next, it comes with a small plug to go into the headphone socket. While this is a neat idea, it's poor execution makes it virtually useless. Why not develop an attachment that stays on top of the iPad (like a holder) and you can snap the stylus in and out? In this case, you must have the little cord dangle while you write and then reattach it every time you put it down. Talk about a pain.     As for performance, the thin rubber tip does maintain contact well, but lack the precision I want from a writing tool. Compared to the other options out there, it's sad to say this may be your best option for now. Hopefully some product designer will realize ergonomics are important for function and long-term use. In the meantime, I'll have to continue using the BoxWave, no matter how reluctant I may be."
R1BVAQQ4HF9D2B	Eddie	5	"As the iPad continues to have handwriting and note applications created for it, the demand for a high quality stylus will only continue to grow higher. I for one want to surrender my pad and paper forever. I use NoteTaker HD and found the Boxwave to be an OK product. First, it's only about 2/3s the size of an average pen. This makes it difficult to hold and clumsy. Secondly, the product lacks any weight which I personally feel doesn't provide the balance you need for proper handwriting. Next, it comes with a small plug to go into the headphone socket. While this is a neat idea, it's poor execution makes it virtually useless. Why not develop an attachment that stays on top of the iPad (like a holder) and you can snap the stylus in and out? In this case, you must have the little cord dangle while you write and then reattach it every time you put it down. Talk about a pain.     As for performance, the thin rubber tip does maintain contact well, but lack the precision I want from a writing tool. Compared to the other options out there, it's sad to say this may be your best option for now. Hopefully some product designer will realize ergonomics are important for function and long-term use. In the meantime, I'll have to continue using the BoxWave, no matter how reluctant I may be."
R1CE4LYSF4XHEC	547	3	"hmm I owned myself for not reading the details better, it's a micro ATX not a mid ATX tower and there are no optical drive bays even though it can easily fit one ;T<br /><br />I got it for like 24 bux I noticed the price went up a lot I dunno for what you get I don't think its worth $30+ its way too small and kind of a pain to get everything inside. Look at my pics its cramped and I dropped my hard drive trying to screw it on. It does have really nice Air Flow and the it has a very nice smooth finish. I took off 2 stars for the price and the not being able to use an internal dvd drive"
R1CE4LYSF4XHEC	Eddie	3	"hmm I owned myself for not reading the details better, it's a micro ATX not a mid ATX tower and there are no optical drive bays even though it can easily fit one ;T<br /><br />I got it for like 24 bux I noticed the price went up a lot I dunno for what you get I don't think its worth $30+ its way too small and kind of a pain to get everything inside. Look at my pics its cramped and I dropped my hard drive trying to screw it on. It does have really nice Air Flow and the it has a very nice smooth finish. I took off 2 stars for the price and the not being able to use an internal dvd drive"
R1CJ3IWPD57O99	547	3	"Seems to work as promised.  You can access only 1 card at a time.  The caps need to be redesigned so that they can be removed without squeezing them too tightly.  I broke my caps the very first time trying to remove them.  Still, for what it cost, I would still buy it again and file down the little teeth on the &#34;cap grippers&#34; so the caps would not hold so aggressively."
R1CJ3IWPD57O99	Eddie	3	"Seems to work as promised.  You can access only 1 card at a time.  The caps need to be redesigned so that they can be removed without squeezing them too tightly.  I broke my caps the very first time trying to remove them.  Still, for what it cost, I would still buy it again and file down the little teeth on the &#34;cap grippers&#34; so the caps would not hold so aggressively."
R1CPM97E16626V	547	2	"This product worked great for a while, but then the printer broke. Not only that, but it only allows for 100 connections and when I was unable to upgrade to 200 users, I was unable to reach any kind of customer support and my emails went unanswered. Ultimately, I stopped using the product and replaced it with a different system after only 6 months."
R1CPM97E16626V	Eddie	2	"This product worked great for a while, but then the printer broke. Not only that, but it only allows for 100 connections and when I was unable to upgrade to 200 users, I was unable to reach any kind of customer support and my emails went unanswered. Ultimately, I stopped using the product and replaced it with a different system after only 6 months."
R1D1LU09QFEVQD	547	1	It worked well but it sticks out a decent bit and I broke it quickly
R1D1LU09QFEVQD	Eddie	1	It worked well but it sticks out a decent bit and I broke it quickly
R1D2LPEIR70HNZ	547	1	"Very simply, with this case I cannot use the Apple RCA to iPad cable that I use all of the time for presentations all the time.  The opening for the Apple connector is too small.  Since I use this to charge as well I would have to purchase a new charging cable.  I'm not sure if the Apple HDMI cable will fit.  I will check and post here.  Very disappointed that it does not fit since there is easily space for Lifeproof to widen the hole without compromising the seal.  Someone missed this in the design.<br /><br />-Nope, the Apple iPad VGA and HDMI cables don't fit either.  Now let's see if Lifeproof takes it back."
R1D2LPEIR70HNZ	Eddie	1	"Very simply, with this case I cannot use the Apple RCA to iPad cable that I use all of the time for presentations all the time.  The opening for the Apple connector is too small.  Since I use this to charge as well I would have to purchase a new charging cable.  I'm not sure if the Apple HDMI cable will fit.  I will check and post here.  Very disappointed that it does not fit since there is easily space for Lifeproof to widen the hole without compromising the seal.  Someone missed this in the design.<br /><br />-Nope, the Apple iPad VGA and HDMI cables don't fit either.  Now let's see if Lifeproof takes it back."
R1DFXBVVOI2OBR	547	4	"The drive itself works very well.  I have backed up a ton of pictures and videos with no hiccups and have been able to read CD's and DVD's.  PowerDVD 10 DOES NOT work with Windows 8, so I am unable to watch Blu-ray movies with the drive.  You can upgrade to PowerDVD for a &#34;nominal&#34; fee of $39.99, but I was hoping to be able to use the included software that came with the drive.  I have verified that the drive does play Blu-ray discs with other paid software, but I haven't found a free one that works.  All of the software out there is between $30-$100, and I can buy a Blu-ray player for my TV for less dough."
R1DFXBVVOI2OBR	Eddie	4	"The drive itself works very well.  I have backed up a ton of pictures and videos with no hiccups and have been able to read CD's and DVD's.  PowerDVD 10 DOES NOT work with Windows 8, so I am unable to watch Blu-ray movies with the drive.  You can upgrade to PowerDVD for a &#34;nominal&#34; fee of $39.99, but I was hoping to be able to use the included software that came with the drive.  I have verified that the drive does play Blu-ray discs with other paid software, but I haven't found a free one that works.  All of the software out there is between $30-$100, and I can buy a Blu-ray player for my TV for less dough."
R1DWBVXTLR72FT	547	1	The product information for this device says that it is compatible with the A500. It is not. The connector at the bottom of an A500 is completely different from the connector on this device. It's probably a great keyboard--certainly has a nice feel. But it is not compatible with the A500 as advertised.
R1DWBVXTLR72FT	Eddie	2	The product information for this device says that it is compatible with the A500. It is not. The connector at the bottom of an A500 is completely different from the connector on this device. It's probably a great keyboard--certainly has a nice feel. But it is not compatible with the A500 as advertised.
R1EPO8TBYPI7OJ	547	1	"When this card works, its GREAT!  However look it up and Dragon Age Inquisition, and you know why I gave this only 3 stars.  Right now there is nothing wrong with the hardware, but I don't like running Beta Drivers to get a game to work."
R1EPO8TBYPI7OJ	Eddie	1	"When this card works, its GREAT!  However look it up and Dragon Age Inquisition, and you know why I gave this only 3 stars.  Right now there is nothing wrong with the hardware, but I don't like running Beta Drivers to get a game to work."
R1EW3A3E74C3SA	547	2	"I got this planning to use it with my Time Warner digital cable. Windows Media Center scanned the channels, but when I tried to tune in a channel, Windows Media Center reported that the channel was encrypted. D'oh! Apparently Time Warner encrypts all the channels and you must use a properly-authorized tuner provided by them. Oh well. I hooked up a cheap indoor antenna and it received the low-band VHF channels OK. If I had used a better antenna it probably would have gotten all the channels.  It's a good unit for off-air reception but if you try to use it with encrypted digital cable, no joy. One small minus is that it seems to run a bit hot, but this did not impair its functioning when I had it installed.  Fortunately Amazon makes it easy to return items when things like this happen, so I sent it back and wound up paying $10 return shipping."
R1EW3A3E74C3SA	Eddie	3	"I got this planning to use it with my Time Warner digital cable. Windows Media Center scanned the channels, but when I tried to tune in a channel, Windows Media Center reported that the channel was encrypted. D'oh! Apparently Time Warner encrypts all the channels and you must use a properly-authorized tuner provided by them. Oh well. I hooked up a cheap indoor antenna and it received the low-band VHF channels OK. If I had used a better antenna it probably would have gotten all the channels.  It's a good unit for off-air reception but if you try to use it with encrypted digital cable, no joy. One small minus is that it seems to run a bit hot, but this did not impair its functioning when I had it installed.  Fortunately Amazon makes it easy to return items when things like this happen, so I sent it back and wound up paying $10 return shipping."
R1F3Z1KQU8UI87	547	3	Mixed review. The case is very good looking with good magnets and good material. But the case didn't fit my HDX 7' (2013) kindle. It's kinda disappointing since I really liked the material and the look of it. I don't wanna go through the hassle of returning it and looking for another cover. But I really think the seller needs to try these covers on the kindle before selling it or even shipping it.
R1F3Z1KQU8UI87	Eddie	3	Mixed review. The case is very good looking with good magnets and good material. But the case didn't fit my HDX 7' (2013) kindle. It's kinda disappointing since I really liked the material and the look of it. I don't wanna go through the hassle of returning it and looking for another cover. But I really think the seller needs to try these covers on the kindle before selling it or even shipping it.
R1FA6GZACLCCLA	547	2	"I received my drive in early October and have been using it as my Vista 64 boot disk with a 4 drive RAID setup for file storage, games and commonly changed files. Hardware wise this drive is great. It has great throughput and loads most anything instantly. The one issue I have with this drive at this point is the sudden %33 jump in price. Even worse, this is a jump directed by the manufacturer since this is mostly a change in suggested retail price. My advice would be if you are in the market for an SSD of this caliber or below, wait. This sudden price gouging is ridiculous. Hopefully, once Windows 7 is released and demand goes down, Crucial will decide to bring this product's price back down to the original mid $100 SRP."
R1FA6GZACLCCLA	Eddie	2	"I received my drive in early October and have been using it as my Vista 64 boot disk with a 4 drive RAID setup for file storage, games and commonly changed files. Hardware wise this drive is great. It has great throughput and loads most anything instantly. The one issue I have with this drive at this point is the sudden %33 jump in price. Even worse, this is a jump directed by the manufacturer since this is mostly a change in suggested retail price. My advice would be if you are in the market for an SSD of this caliber or below, wait. This sudden price gouging is ridiculous. Hopefully, once Windows 7 is released and demand goes down, Crucial will decide to bring this product's price back down to the original mid $100 SRP."
R1FJ6QYJOG2TI8	547	4	"First: [Service] Battery arrived quickly and nicely packaged. Although, not identical to the original, it fit perfectly and everything. Honestly, you really can't tell the difference unless inspected closely. So if you are worried about mis-matched color or it not fitting...you won't have that issue with this battery.  Second:[Battery] The original battery for a 2008 era MacBook Pro would need to have the adapter connected the whole time. If not, it would shut down within seconds. So, I decided to get a replacement. Looking over prices and such I decided on this particular battery. Works and fits, but doesn't hold much of a charge. Depending on what I'm doing on the computer it lasts about an hour, sometimes less.   The computer is used mostly for CG (computer graphics) work and some gaming. Doing either drains the battery much faster than if I were just surfing the web or checking email. So, if that's all you will be doing (email and such) than you may be able to squeeze a little more charged up time from the battery. Either way, it still dies pretty quickly compared to my other laptop. However, I will say, although it doesn't hold more than an hour charge at least I don't have to keep the charger plugged in the whole time."
R1FJ6QYJOG2TI8	Eddie	3	"First: [Service] Battery arrived quickly and nicely packaged. Although, not identical to the original, it fit perfectly and everything. Honestly, you really can't tell the difference unless inspected closely. So if you are worried about mis-matched color or it not fitting...you won't have that issue with this battery.  Second:[Battery] The original battery for a 2008 era MacBook Pro would need to have the adapter connected the whole time. If not, it would shut down within seconds. So, I decided to get a replacement. Looking over prices and such I decided on this particular battery. Works and fits, but doesn't hold much of a charge. Depending on what I'm doing on the computer it lasts about an hour, sometimes less.   The computer is used mostly for CG (computer graphics) work and some gaming. Doing either drains the battery much faster than if I were just surfing the web or checking email. So, if that's all you will be doing (email and such) than you may be able to squeeze a little more charged up time from the battery. Either way, it still dies pretty quickly compared to my other laptop. However, I will say, although it doesn't hold more than an hour charge at least I don't have to keep the charger plugged in the whole time."
R1FKN6MVABNRBI	547	1	Ok for knocking around on the web but you can't watch youtube.  I would not have bought it if I had known that.
R1FKN6MVABNRBI	Eddie	1	Ok for knocking around on the web but you can't watch youtube.  I would not have bought it if I had known that.
R1FZ0T14YM4R39	547	1	I purchased this memory and one stick worked and the other stick sent my computer into an infinite loop of restarting before the BIOS. I previously had a set of this in my system so it isnt bad memory i just got a bad stick. So be wary.
R1FZ0T14YM4R39	Eddie	1	I purchased this memory and one stick worked and the other stick sent my computer into an infinite loop of restarting before the BIOS. I previously had a set of this in my system so it isnt bad memory i just got a bad stick. So be wary.
R1G1O0XV9QQ8I	547	1	"Very disappointed in the flimsy quality. The price is exhorbitant for what you get: a stamped sheet metal panel plus 5 PLASTIC snap in rings. While the description screams &#34;METAL&#34; see my previous sentence. And, this sells at just a bit below the price of all-metal 1RU units! Definitely not pro quality and I advise you to look elsewhere."
R1G1O0XV9QQ8I	Eddie	1	"Very disappointed in the flimsy quality. The price is exhorbitant for what you get: a stamped sheet metal panel plus 5 PLASTIC snap in rings. While the description screams &#34;METAL&#34; see my previous sentence. And, this sells at just a bit below the price of all-metal 1RU units! Definitely not pro quality and I advise you to look elsewhere."
R1G4PHC1EJSQMB	547	3	"I've had my kindle for 5 wks now, and have enjoyed the speed and easy access to new books. I have, however, also spend alot of time with the phone support trying to keep it connected to my wireless home system and keeping the battery charged. I've had it plugged in for more than 30 hrs now and the battery still isn't charged. I'm starting to get tired of this."
R1G4PHC1EJSQMB	Eddie	3	"I've had my kindle for 5 wks now, and have enjoyed the speed and easy access to new books. I have, however, also spend alot of time with the phone support trying to keep it connected to my wireless home system and keeping the battery charged. I've had it plugged in for more than 30 hrs now and the battery still isn't charged. I'm starting to get tired of this."
R1GB61NAIYZ0W8	547	2	"When I received it, there was a strong odor as if I sprayed a strong chemical. But after letting it air out for a couple of days the smell faded. I have used it and it fits really snug on my laptop."
R1GB61NAIYZ0W8	Eddie	2	"When I received it, there was a strong odor as if I sprayed a strong chemical. But after letting it air out for a couple of days the smell faded. I have used it and it fits really snug on my laptop."
R1H1RJDN216QAW	547	4	"I bought this to help with typing on my little xoom, the company went from lap tops to tablets and I wasn't used to using the on screen typing pad, this is not bad for the price however the buttons are not what I was expecting and takes some time to get used to... I will say that the rechargeable battery in the blue tooth keyboard holds an extremely long charge I thought! Case is nice and durable, although I have since stopped carrying it because I just got used to using the on screen typing..."
R1H1RJDN216QAW	Eddie	4	"I bought this to help with typing on my little xoom, the company went from lap tops to tablets and I wasn't used to using the on screen typing pad, this is not bad for the price however the buttons are not what I was expecting and takes some time to get used to... I will say that the rechargeable battery in the blue tooth keyboard holds an extremely long charge I thought! Case is nice and durable, although I have since stopped carrying it because I just got used to using the on screen typing..."
R1HCRHL2TLGTLY	547	1	"it is helping, but also for an 15.6 Screen Laptop  it is to small. It does not fit exactly, so you have to move an Inch to the right side and an Inch up then it works you get a few  degrees out of it  (4). would not recommend for heavy Players."
R1HCRHL2TLGTLY	Eddie	1	"it is helping, but also for an 15.6 Screen Laptop  it is to small. It does not fit exactly, so you have to move an Inch to the right side and an Inch up then it works you get a few  degrees out of it  (4). would not recommend for heavy Players."
R1HEVUCY3YUBNX	547	2	"I had to order two of these because after some time the first one didn't fit right anymore. The first one stretched out so that the keys dont align properly, and it made it hard to type. I ordered a second one because it was much cheaper at the time and i thought i would try it again. I really like the look of the product, because it matches the colors of the iMac perfectly, i don't know why Apple is still using the white keyed keyboard, as it looks outdated. The second one that i ordered is holding up quite well, and cleans very easily.  However once again, the keys are starting to become misaligned in the bottom right corner. Other than that its fine."
R1HEVUCY3YUBNX	Eddie	2	"I had to order two of these because after some time the first one didn't fit right anymore. The first one stretched out so that the keys dont align properly, and it made it hard to type. I ordered a second one because it was much cheaper at the time and i thought i would try it again. I really like the look of the product, because it matches the colors of the iMac perfectly, i don't know why Apple is still using the white keyed keyboard, as it looks outdated. The second one that i ordered is holding up quite well, and cleans very easily.  However once again, the keys are starting to become misaligned in the bottom right corner. Other than that its fine."
R1HGMYOIYXPRXD	547	4	"Pros:<br />1: Color- its darker than the picture shows<br />2: Came with a Keyboard cover<br />3: The Stand<br /><br />Cons:<br />1: Keyboard cover does not sit well on the keyboard. This causes typing to be a little difficult.<br />2: Corner on bottom shell keeps popping off.<br />3: Color of keyboard is a pastel color and doesn't match the shell<br />4:Bottom has two grippers on it to keep from sliding.<br /><br />Since the cover does not stay on and pops off a lot, I gave it 3/5 stars. I checked and this cover was supposed to fit my macbook. Other than that it's okay. It was cheap so you get what you pay for."
R1HGMYOIYXPRXD	Eddie	4	"Pros:<br />1: Color- its darker than the picture shows<br />2: Came with a Keyboard cover<br />3: The Stand<br /><br />Cons:<br />1: Keyboard cover does not sit well on the keyboard. This causes typing to be a little difficult.<br />2: Corner on bottom shell keeps popping off.<br />3: Color of keyboard is a pastel color and doesn't match the shell<br />4:Bottom has two grippers on it to keep from sliding.<br /><br />Since the cover does not stay on and pops off a lot, I gave it 3/5 stars. I checked and this cover was supposed to fit my macbook. Other than that it's okay. It was cheap so you get what you pay for."
R1HKDNO3N36OOH	547	2	"The magnetic bond is not as strong as with some other covers. Of course, the keyboard fell off and broke 2 days after I got it. The keyboard itself is great and I loved it until it broke."
R1HKDNO3N36OOH	Eddie	2	"The magnetic bond is not as strong as with some other covers. Of course, the keyboard fell off and broke 2 days after I got it. The keyboard itself is great and I loved it until it broke."
R1HLASF3OM8LGN	547	3	"The effectiveness of transmitter- receiver system does not so much define by length of antenna, as by concurrence antenna with transmitter-receiver. So, longer antenna is not mean better all the time.<br />I tried to use this antenna with my Gigabit High-Powered, Long-Range Wireless N300 Indoor Access Point/Client Bridge ECB350 2.4 GHz Frequency Band.<br />I have no equipment to measure power of transmitter’s emission, but my software allows measuring level of receiving signal.<br />The result is following:<br />Certain receiving signal with standard antenna (7 inch, 5 dBi) consist of -65 dBi<br />The same receiving signal with this antenna (14.7 inch, 15 dBi) consist of just -71 dBi<br />So, the native antenna of my device is about two times more effective than this extra-long one.<br />Conclusion: the native antenna, that going with wireless network device, is the best choice in almost practical applications. It conclusion is not apply to this antenna only, but to any other one too.<br />I gave to this product three stars for implementation only, and it does not mean any positive effect of its application."
R1HLASF3OM8LGN	Eddie	3	"The effectiveness of transmitter- receiver system does not so much define by length of antenna, as by concurrence antenna with transmitter-receiver. So, longer antenna is not mean better all the time.<br />I tried to use this antenna with my Gigabit High-Powered, Long-Range Wireless N300 Indoor Access Point/Client Bridge ECB350 2.4 GHz Frequency Band.<br />I have no equipment to measure power of transmitter’s emission, but my software allows measuring level of receiving signal.<br />The result is following:<br />Certain receiving signal with standard antenna (7 inch, 5 dBi) consist of -65 dBi<br />The same receiving signal with this antenna (14.7 inch, 15 dBi) consist of just -71 dBi<br />So, the native antenna of my device is about two times more effective than this extra-long one.<br />Conclusion: the native antenna, that going with wireless network device, is the best choice in almost practical applications. It conclusion is not apply to this antenna only, but to any other one too.<br />I gave to this product three stars for implementation only, and it does not mean any positive effect of its application."
R1I4F8BNCE601E	547	3	"I bought this luggage because I really trust on Samsonite products, but this is pretty bulky bag, it's way too square, but I am using it.<br />It's not exactly what I was looking for, it works well for papers, lap tops and tablets.. I use to have a softer bag, that's why I am a little bit disappointed. But the quality is great!"
R1I4F8BNCE601E	Eddie	3	"I bought this luggage because I really trust on Samsonite products, but this is pretty bulky bag, it's way too square, but I am using it.<br />It's not exactly what I was looking for, it works well for papers, lap tops and tablets.. I use to have a softer bag, that's why I am a little bit disappointed. But the quality is great!"
R1ICQ20ADQD2G8	547	1	"Having used my original Kindle for over 2 years and being totally used to how it works, the new Paperwhite version doesn't work in most ways the same, or in my opinion as well."
R1ICQ20ADQD2G8	Eddie	1	"Having used my original Kindle for over 2 years and being totally used to how it works, the new Paperwhite version doesn't work in most ways the same, or in my opinion as well."
R1J2NYKNQPJPVR	547	2	"Very disappointed to report that less than a month after purchasing this drive, all it does is click and I have lost over a TB of data.<br />Returning to WD for warranty replacement, but how much faith can I have in the new one?<br /><br />I have an older USB 2.0 portable WD drive that is still going strong after years, not sure what happened with this one, but it was never dropped or handled roughly at all.  Bummed!<br /><br />**update**<br />Sent the drive back to WD, they sent me a new one the day after they received it, so I have to say I am impressed with their RMA process and have upped my review to three stars.  We'll see how the replacement works out."
R1J2NYKNQPJPVR	Eddie	3	"Very disappointed to report that less than a month after purchasing this drive, all it does is click and I have lost over a TB of data.<br />Returning to WD for warranty replacement, but how much faith can I have in the new one?<br /><br />I have an older USB 2.0 portable WD drive that is still going strong after years, not sure what happened with this one, but it was never dropped or handled roughly at all.  Bummed!<br /><br />**update**<br />Sent the drive back to WD, they sent me a new one the day after they received it, so I have to say I am impressed with their RMA process and have upped my review to three stars.  We'll see how the replacement works out."
R1J93PIPQ66K2M	547	1	"Purchasing the case was smoot with no delivery problems.<br /><br />The case works well with a Smart Cover and installs easily. The neoprene handle is adjustable and soft.<br /><br /> The case worked great for 2 months. Then two cracks appeared in the circular plastic that houses the hand grip. One of the cracks was in the section that secured one end of the neoprene handle so it would no longer attach.  I really liked this case, too bad it was just not strong enough to handle the stress put one it by continual use of the handle.<br /><br />I will contact Lapworks and see what they say."
R1J93PIPQ66K2M	Eddie	2	"Purchasing the case was smoot with no delivery problems.<br /><br />The case works well with a Smart Cover and installs easily. The neoprene handle is adjustable and soft.<br /><br /> The case worked great for 2 months. Then two cracks appeared in the circular plastic that houses the hand grip. One of the cracks was in the section that secured one end of the neoprene handle so it would no longer attach.  I really liked this case, too bad it was just not strong enough to handle the stress put one it by continual use of the handle.<br /><br />I will contact Lapworks and see what they say."
R1JE6DI75CNQZS	547	2	"I think you are getting what you pay for. there is a rubbery smell as most customers have said but it isnt too bad and you can air it out. I received the package 10 days late, because UPS is very problematic when it comes to my neighborhood. The color looks a little different than the picture. the case isnt extremely protective but its good if you want to carry it in your bag for that extra protection and to avoid scratches etc.."
R1JE6DI75CNQZS	Eddie	2	"I think you are getting what you pay for. there is a rubbery smell as most customers have said but it isnt too bad and you can air it out. I received the package 10 days late, because UPS is very problematic when it comes to my neighborhood. The color looks a little different than the picture. the case isnt extremely protective but its good if you want to carry it in your bag for that extra protection and to avoid scratches etc.."
R1JV3L2PHWSJXS	547	3	"Best ipad cover i have bought so far and i can say i jhave bought quite a few now. Wish i had bought this cover from the first cover i have bought. Money well spent. Love the colour and the feel of the material. Very easy to fit in as described and the sleep function works well. Reconmend it.<br /><br />Edit<br />As much as i love this cover, i must warn ipad owners with toddlers (age 1 - 6), please do not get this cover. Its not good when you have kids who smash the ipad on hard floors when fighting over the ipad or just plain angry when a game is not going their way. For the first time since i have had ipads since 2010, my ipad screen is shattered and my husband's own has a sratch on it. This case is not very smug and the edges do not hold in the ipad as well as i thought initially especially when you have kids using your ipad.<br />To be fair and objective, its still a great ipad case, met my need of been sleek, slim and stlyish, but just not wise and practical for me as a mum with 3 kids who struggle to use the ipad with themselves. I have to spend $125 to replace the ipad screen now. Not a happy mum!"
R1JV3L2PHWSJXS	Eddie	3	"Best ipad cover i have bought so far and i can say i jhave bought quite a few now. Wish i had bought this cover from the first cover i have bought. Money well spent. Love the colour and the feel of the material. Very easy to fit in as described and the sleep function works well. Reconmend it.<br /><br />Edit<br />As much as i love this cover, i must warn ipad owners with toddlers (age 1 - 6), please do not get this cover. Its not good when you have kids who smash the ipad on hard floors when fighting over the ipad or just plain angry when a game is not going their way. For the first time since i have had ipads since 2010, my ipad screen is shattered and my husband's own has a sratch on it. This case is not very smug and the edges do not hold in the ipad as well as i thought initially especially when you have kids using your ipad.<br />To be fair and objective, its still a great ipad case, met my need of been sleek, slim and stlyish, but just not wise and practical for me as a mum with 3 kids who struggle to use the ipad with themselves. I have to spend $125 to replace the ipad screen now. Not a happy mum!"
R1JW27TNKI3BPL	547	1	Firstnoffmit took nearly a month to receive this product and when I finally did the holes for the camera and the home button don't line up very well. But it does protect the screen and that is what the product is for. 3 stars because it took so long to receive and the holes being a little off making difficult to apply.
R1JW27TNKI3BPL	Eddie	1	Firstnoffmit took nearly a month to receive this product and when I finally did the holes for the camera and the home button don't line up very well. But it does protect the screen and that is what the product is for. 3 stars because it took so long to receive and the holes being a little off making difficult to apply.
R1KWAS3QJQ3QSS	547	2	"The USB connectors on this expansion dock worked just fine.  But the video connector only allowed the same resolution and form factor for an external monitor as the laptop screen.  If your external monitor has the same resolution and form factor as your laptop screen, it should work fine.  My external monitor had a different form factor and so the image on the external monitor didn't fill the whole monitor screen.  Be sure to get updated drivers from the Kensington web site."
R1KWAS3QJQ3QSS	Eddie	3	"The USB connectors on this expansion dock worked just fine.  But the video connector only allowed the same resolution and form factor for an external monitor as the laptop screen.  If your external monitor has the same resolution and form factor as your laptop screen, it should work fine.  My external monitor had a different form factor and so the image on the external monitor didn't fill the whole monitor screen.  Be sure to get updated drivers from the Kensington web site."
R1KYGKO1DNLV35	547	2	"If you have USB 3.0 don't bother with this antique 2.0 drive. It runs at a max of about 5 MBytes/sec, slowing down to about 2 or 3 MB/s after 100 MB or so. This means it can take over 4 hours to fill it.<br /><br />Instead, get a [[ASIN:B008AF383S SanDisk Extreme 64 GB USB 3.0 Flash Drive up to 190 MB/s]]. This fantastic USB 3.0 drive is advertized to run 190 MB/s. I certainly beat that as measured by HD Tune read test at 210 MB/s. Writing, I got around 170-190 MB/s when copying from an SSD.<br /><br />Note -- you won't get this speed if you're copying from a laptop HD as you're lucky to get much more than 100 MB/s from a 7200 RPM drive. But that's still better than 20 times faster than a USB 2.0 drive such as this one.<br /><br />If you do have an SSD drive and USB 3.0 ports you can get better than 170 MB/s with the SanDisk Extreme. That's more than 40 times faster."
R1KYGKO1DNLV35	Eddie	2	"If you have USB 3.0 don't bother with this antique 2.0 drive. It runs at a max of about 5 MBytes/sec, slowing down to about 2 or 3 MB/s after 100 MB or so. This means it can take over 4 hours to fill it.<br /><br />Instead, get a [[ASIN:B008AF383S SanDisk Extreme 64 GB USB 3.0 Flash Drive up to 190 MB/s]]. This fantastic USB 3.0 drive is advertized to run 190 MB/s. I certainly beat that as measured by HD Tune read test at 210 MB/s. Writing, I got around 170-190 MB/s when copying from an SSD.<br /><br />Note -- you won't get this speed if you're copying from a laptop HD as you're lucky to get much more than 100 MB/s from a 7200 RPM drive. But that's still better than 20 times faster than a USB 2.0 drive such as this one.<br /><br />If you do have an SSD drive and USB 3.0 ports you can get better than 170 MB/s with the SanDisk Extreme. That's more than 40 times faster."
R1KYKZ0AER6SW6	547	1	"Despite the marketing photos of models reading the Kindle without a cover, if you ever intend to use your Kindle outside of your house (and likely even within it), you need a cover - period. Trains, planes, restaurants at lunch - the best features of the Kindle are its light weight and small size, and those almost guarantee a fumble at some point in some place in your reading life.<br /><br />This case will do the job, but for what it is, it's a touch overpriced. The design of the band is annoying and not particularly necessary - if you carry your Kindle in a purse, backpack or briefcase, you don't particularly need to band it shut. Plus, I find the band a minor nuisance, since I read my Kindle by folding back the front cover. And I don't think this case provides the best \\""drop protection\\"" that it could. The case I now use from a leather design firm in California provides much better safety without adding any significant weight (and any case is going to add weight - it's a necessary trade-off).<br /><br />There are better values out there for the money for Kindle covers by third party providers - if you're looking to spend a bit more money for better protection and more styles, check out the independent Kindle Boards on the 'net. There are entire folders dedicated to Kindle accessories in general and Kindle 1, 2 and 3 covers in particular.<br /><br />But for a quick fix against an inadvertant drop or to prevent items in a briefcase or luggage from damaging your screen, this will do."
R1KYKZ0AER6SW6	Eddie	3	"Despite the marketing photos of models reading the Kindle without a cover, if you ever intend to use your Kindle outside of your house (and likely even within it), you need a cover - period. Trains, planes, restaurants at lunch - the best features of the Kindle are its light weight and small size, and those almost guarantee a fumble at some point in some place in your reading life.<br /><br />This case will do the job, but for what it is, it's a touch overpriced. The design of the band is annoying and not particularly necessary - if you carry your Kindle in a purse, backpack or briefcase, you don't particularly need to band it shut. Plus, I find the band a minor nuisance, since I read my Kindle by folding back the front cover. And I don't think this case provides the best \\""drop protection\\"" that it could. The case I now use from a leather design firm in California provides much better safety without adding any significant weight (and any case is going to add weight - it's a necessary trade-off).<br /><br />There are better values out there for the money for Kindle covers by third party providers - if you're looking to spend a bit more money for better protection and more styles, check out the independent Kindle Boards on the 'net. There are entire folders dedicated to Kindle accessories in general and Kindle 1, 2 and 3 covers in particular.<br /><br />But for a quick fix against an inadvertant drop or to prevent items in a briefcase or luggage from damaging your screen, this will do."
R1L6V8DV003UFZ	547	2	Was decent with my PC. I thought that signal strength was kind of weak even though it was better than my last netgear router.<br /><br />Does not support simultaneous dual band. I have had trouble with this router. Two of my apple products don't work well with this router (apple TV and iMac). I would suggest buying an airport extreme if you want better compatibility with your apple products.<br /><br />I'm going to have to upgrate to an airport extreme. I'm just waiting for the next generation router to come out with 802.11.ac.
R1L6V8DV003UFZ	Eddie	2	Was decent with my PC. I thought that signal strength was kind of weak even though it was better than my last netgear router.<br /><br />Does not support simultaneous dual band. I have had trouble with this router. Two of my apple products don't work well with this router (apple TV and iMac). I would suggest buying an airport extreme if you want better compatibility with your apple products.<br /><br />I'm going to have to upgrate to an airport extreme. I'm just waiting for the next generation router to come out with 802.11.ac.
R1L6ZYW37K6A2M	547	2	"Is slow at times, but quicker than the inconsistent one in my laptop when it is down. Seems to throttle down at times to a much slower speed, when others usually stay more consistent. But is small, range is ok and stays on all the time."
R1L6ZYW37K6A2M	Eddie	2	"Is slow at times, but quicker than the inconsistent one in my laptop when it is down. Seems to throttle down at times to a much slower speed, when others usually stay more consistent. But is small, range is ok and stays on all the time."
R1L9CX1ESDT5ZE	547	2	"Nice design, lightweight, very thin, and colorful! Love the floral design, makes it different from the other ones. They only thing that REALLY disappointed me was that it did NOT include the stylus pen like it said in the description..."
R1L9CX1ESDT5ZE	Eddie	2	"Nice design, lightweight, very thin, and colorful! Love the floral design, makes it different from the other ones. They only thing that REALLY disappointed me was that it did NOT include the stylus pen like it said in the description..."
R1LQAPYNY4J55Q	547	3	"This case as two problems. The first is the tiny tool provided to press the reset and  power buttons. I bought two of these cases so far and I've already lost one. Second, the case doesn't really stay together; the snaps are barely noticeable. I bought the case so I could carry the BBB around in my bag, but I won't be doing that with this case..."
R1LQAPYNY4J55Q	Eddie	3	"This case as two problems. The first is the tiny tool provided to press the reset and  power buttons. I bought two of these cases so far and I've already lost one. Second, the case doesn't really stay together; the snaps are barely noticeable. I bought the case so I could carry the BBB around in my bag, but I won't be doing that with this case..."
R1LWFLJ8HZGPUI	547	2	The cover itself is good - I like the auto on/auto off when you open and close it.  The stand part seems overly complicated.  I have to stop and think about it every time I try to use it - seems like it should be second nature by now.  It also collapses on itself sometimes - I think the magnets that are supposed to hold it together are not strong enough.  I think I would go with the cheaper basic cover over this one.
R1LWFLJ8HZGPUI	Eddie	2	The cover itself is good - I like the auto on/auto off when you open and close it.  The stand part seems overly complicated.  I have to stop and think about it every time I try to use it - seems like it should be second nature by now.  It also collapses on itself sometimes - I think the magnets that are supposed to hold it together are not strong enough.  I think I would go with the cheaper basic cover over this one.
R1M5Z9TFOLIAIB	547	3	"...if held very close. I'd rather not have to take my hand off the keyboard. This will work on a keyboard if held close enough. However, to comfortably reach the mouse buttons with your thumb, you have to have this on the finger bone closest to the hand (at least for me) and that then requires curling your finger under tightly to get the mouse close enough to the keyboard (or any other surface) to work. I ultimately settled on the [[ASIN:B002UNFGCC Mini USB Finger Trackball Mouse]] due to its comfortable ease of use (less wrist twisting).<br /><br />Whichever model you settle on, the wire on any of these is not that big a deal: you just have to remember to remove the mouse before you leave the workstation. You also may need a USB extension cord if using a desktop computer. I got mine due to shoulder/back pain from having to reach for the mouse. Moving the mouse to the left hand does get it closer, by the way, and helps."
R1M5Z9TFOLIAIB	Eddie	3	"...if held very close. I'd rather not have to take my hand off the keyboard. This will work on a keyboard if held close enough. However, to comfortably reach the mouse buttons with your thumb, you have to have this on the finger bone closest to the hand (at least for me) and that then requires curling your finger under tightly to get the mouse close enough to the keyboard (or any other surface) to work. I ultimately settled on the [[ASIN:B002UNFGCC Mini USB Finger Trackball Mouse]] due to its comfortable ease of use (less wrist twisting).<br /><br />Whichever model you settle on, the wire on any of these is not that big a deal: you just have to remember to remove the mouse before you leave the workstation. You also may need a USB extension cord if using a desktop computer. I got mine due to shoulder/back pain from having to reach for the mouse. Moving the mouse to the left hand does get it closer, by the way, and helps."
R1MI9YULWATCX8	547	2	"Although it's described to work for both the wifi and 3G first generation iPad, the assembly lacks the built-in 3G antenna on the frame.  Hence it does not allow proper signal transmission, and not exactly compatible with the 3G model.  In conclusion, the frame fits nicely and the screen works great, but at the sacrifice of 3G performance.  Yes everything fits together but this model is really meant to replace the first generation wifi iPad, and not the universal assembly the seller claimed in the description."
R1MI9YULWATCX8	Eddie	2	"Although it's described to work for both the wifi and 3G first generation iPad, the assembly lacks the built-in 3G antenna on the frame.  Hence it does not allow proper signal transmission, and not exactly compatible with the 3G model.  In conclusion, the frame fits nicely and the screen works great, but at the sacrifice of 3G performance.  Yes everything fits together but this model is really meant to replace the first generation wifi iPad, and not the universal assembly the seller claimed in the description."
R1MQL6JOL7P9ZK	547	1	"Worked well with my tab 3, love playing the classic games on my emulators. Also works good with android games."
R1MQL6JOL7P9ZK	Eddie	1	"Worked well with my tab 3, love playing the classic games on my emulators. Also works good with android games."
R1MTYGQW1MSI4Q	547	2	"Unfortunately I had to rate only 3 stars. The Tab 4 fits inside cutouts, but only to a point.<br /><br />Yes you can close the velcro strap. Edges of the tablet still stick out. I have tried to wait until it had been ( the tablet) inside the leather cut outs for a bit of time, thinking it would stretch. No go.<br /><br />I purchased the RooCase for my older Tab 3 It fit perfectly, actually I bought 2 different colors. Both fit perfect."
R1MTYGQW1MSI4Q	Eddie	2	"Unfortunately I had to rate only 3 stars. The Tab 4 fits inside cutouts, but only to a point.<br /><br />Yes you can close the velcro strap. Edges of the tablet still stick out. I have tried to wait until it had been ( the tablet) inside the leather cut outs for a bit of time, thinking it would stretch. No go.<br /><br />I purchased the RooCase for my older Tab 3 It fit perfectly, actually I bought 2 different colors. Both fit perfect."
R1N761SCJH0CH4	547	3	"I bought this for my mom because it was cheap... I knew she needed a small video camera to skype with us and I wanted something that was fairly low tech for her to plug it. She was able to get it all setup fine. The video quality isn't as good as what my iMac has on it, but its doing the trick until she gets a new computer."
R1N761SCJH0CH4	Eddie	2	"I bought this for my mom because it was cheap... I knew she needed a small video camera to skype with us and I wanted something that was fairly low tech for her to plug it. She was able to get it all setup fine. The video quality isn't as good as what my iMac has on it, but its doing the trick until she gets a new computer."
R1NDSZLCT9MSNO	547	3	"Got my Alston Craig Vintage Genuine Leather Slim stand Case Cover for my ipad air.  It's nice, but for the price it's a bit flimsy.  I expected more padding on the inside, but it's just the leather on the outside and the striiped material and leather on the inside, over what feels like cardboard.  I also wish there were more ways to angle the ipad screen when you stand it up, instead of almost directly straight up or almost laying down.  I would buy another one if I couldn't find a leather case/stand that was more padded on the inside."
R1NDSZLCT9MSNO	Eddie	3	"Got my Alston Craig Vintage Genuine Leather Slim stand Case Cover for my ipad air.  It's nice, but for the price it's a bit flimsy.  I expected more padding on the inside, but it's just the leather on the outside and the striiped material and leather on the inside, over what feels like cardboard.  I also wish there were more ways to angle the ipad screen when you stand it up, instead of almost directly straight up or almost laying down.  I would buy another one if I couldn't find a leather case/stand that was more padded on the inside."
R1NHN9GYI7RRLN	547	2	"I bought this to make use of my high-speed eSATA port, but it's painfully slow -- about 80 Mb/s.<br /><br />I read the others' reviews, and just assumed that they had older eSATA ports, or were using outdated cables, but I have a newer laptop with a powered SATA III (SATA 6Gb/s) port with newer cables, and I'm getting the same slowness. I've tried both the included eSATA cable and one I bought from Amazon (item B000ENYXZ6), but neither one gets anywhere close to the speed that was promised. I've also tried powering the device both off of my laptop and with the DC power adapter, but it doesn't make a difference.<br /><br />I'm glad to have it for the storage, but I could have spent less to get what I did. This is my first Oyen product, but because of this bad experience, I wouldn't buy another."
R1NHN9GYI7RRLN	Eddie	2	"I bought this to make use of my high-speed eSATA port, but it's painfully slow -- about 80 Mb/s.<br /><br />I read the others' reviews, and just assumed that they had older eSATA ports, or were using outdated cables, but I have a newer laptop with a powered SATA III (SATA 6Gb/s) port with newer cables, and I'm getting the same slowness. I've tried both the included eSATA cable and one I bought from Amazon (item B000ENYXZ6), but neither one gets anywhere close to the speed that was promised. I've also tried powering the device both off of my laptop and with the DC power adapter, but it doesn't make a difference.<br /><br />I'm glad to have it for the storage, but I could have spent less to get what I did. This is my first Oyen product, but because of this bad experience, I wouldn't buy another."
R1NSD6NQU5SJNH	547	1	"Make sure you know what U3 is and if you really want it. I bought this drive is Sept because I wanted a drive that does not have a cap to lose. It got really annoying have two drives show up every time I plugged the unit it. I used the launchpad utility to uninstall the U3 stuff, but no luck. Went to the website to download an uninstaller, but no luck. For me it is just an unneeded complication and an annoyance. I have spent several hours trying to get rid of something I did not want and have been completely unsuccessful. Great drive other than that!"
R1NSD6NQU5SJNH	Eddie	1	"Make sure you know what U3 is and if you really want it. I bought this drive is Sept because I wanted a drive that does not have a cap to lose. It got really annoying have two drives show up every time I plugged the unit it. I used the launchpad utility to uninstall the U3 stuff, but no luck. Went to the website to download an uninstaller, but no luck. For me it is just an unneeded complication and an annoyance. I have spent several hours trying to get rid of something I did not want and have been completely unsuccessful. Great drive other than that!"
R1NWQVBNMX4OA6	547	3	"This case fits well and DOES support charging. Also, it looks a bit cheap and had loose threads in the stitching. You get what you pay for."
R1NWQVBNMX4OA6	Eddie	3	"This case fits well and DOES support charging. Also, it looks a bit cheap and had loose threads in the stitching. You get what you pay for."
R1OIN02YFRCKH6	547	1	The top part of case stays on & works well but the bottom part comes off way too easily! Could be better
R1OIN02YFRCKH6	Eddie	1	The top part of case stays on & works well but the bottom part comes off way too easily! Could be better
R1OOOMN0HJ9GS2	547	3	"Before I proceed with my review, please see below for the keyboard specs...  Name: Multimedia Photosensitive Gaming Keyboard Model: JLK009 Bar-code: X000OQM5M7 Key Technology: Architecture crater Key Life: 10,000,000 times Connection: Wired Keys: 104 normal keys (full-size style) Color: Black Cable Length: 1.8m (USB braided) Size: 454x180x30mm Weight: 700g  I took a gamble with this keyboard since there were absolutely no reviews for it. What made me go for this keyboard was that there is a video link in the description that has a short video showing off this keyboard. If it weren't for that video I wouldn't have given this one a try. I just received it today and wanted to be the first person to say I am pretty impressed with this keyboard.  Firstly, I wanted a keyboard with dedicated multimedia buttons, not secondary multimedia buttons which most of the blue led lighted keyboards on Amazon had. This keyboard has dedicated multimedia buttons and they work great. Very big multimedia buttons and are colored red for easy distinction. Although, the led back light does not light them up like on the keys of the keyboard, they have lights that kind of go around them to at least see their border in complete darkness but can easily see them in daylight.  Secondly, the key ScrLk is labeled underneath it with a picture indicating it is the button to change the led lights from blue, red purple and off. Just hold the FN key down and keep pressing the ScrLk key for your desired color. Easy, simple and no guess work or trying to remember what key it was to change the colors. You can also change the brightness using FN + PgUp or PgDn keys. Easy!  Thirdly, the keyboards USB cable is braided. Nothing spells good quality like a braided USB cable.  Fourthly, the keyboard keys click very well. However, it seems the space bar has a tiny squeak when using it, which I hope will die down over time or I might take it out and get some Wd-40 in there to quiet it. The keyboard is pretty heavy with rubber feet underneath it to keep it grounded. Also has tilt option.  Lastly, the keys are very hard to see when the back light led lights are not on. This is obvious because the letters on the keys are transparent and are not black on white, or white on black. So in all honesty, in order to use this keyboard, either the back light needs to be on at all times, day or night, to see the key letters or if you took a lot of typing classes in your day you don't have to see the keys to type.  Some interesting things to know about this keyboard:  1. There are shiny red bumpers to the left and right of this keyboard. They light up very well with the red and purple back lights but the blue doesn't seem to shine through as good.  2. The keyboards back lights turn off after 3 minutes of being idle. I assume this is a power saving feature. Just click a key on the keyboard to wake the lights back up. It resumes the same light you left off.  3. When you wake the computer from sleep, the keyboard goes back to its default color which is blue instead of going back to the color you left off of unless it was blue. This is kind of annoying, Not sure why it just can't go back to the last color selected.  Bottom line, for the discounted price of this keyboard it is just pretty cool. Very bright led lights from blue to red and purple and to be able to increase and decrease the brightness I am satisfied. The reason why I rated -1 star was because the annoying squeaky space bar on a new keyboard (which I will have to take out and spray some lubricant in there on a brand new keyboard). Please feel free to check out all the pictures I uploaded of this keyboard.  UPDATE:  After further investigation of the squeaky space bar (it was driving me nuts) I popped the space bar off and to my surprise there were no 2x mini springs as stated on the back of the keyboard box making it a stronger keyboard. I quote &#34;The blank space key double spring design curved&#34; and has a picture of the spacebar removed and two mini springs are present indicating a strong double spring design for a strong lasting space bar. However, all I find instead is a traditional long bar spring which was used in the old school keyboards (probably still used today in cheap keyboards but definitely not gaming keyboards I would assume. Then again, I'm not popping off the space bar to check every single keyboard I purchase to see whats under the hood). And since the back of the keyboard box states, with a picture I might add, that it should have two springs in it, I have to say I have identified false advertisement on this keyboard and it must be reported. Not that the kind of spring in a keyboard is such a big deal but it makes the company untrustworthy and that puts me on edge. I plan to submit a picture of this, once Amazon sends me email instructions on how to add additional pictures to a review (can't seem to figure it out) in hopes that the sellers see this false advertisement and correct it. Also I appreciate a contact from the seller to arrange an exchange for the double spring keyboard that is stated on the box rather then the one I got. Because of this I had to take away a star. False advertisement is completely unacceptable. Sellers, feel free to chime in and explain your side of this. On a good note, the space bar is no longer squeaking and driving me nuts. The long spring bar must of been rubbing the wrong way.  Also, the picture of the keyboard on the box has blue multimedia buttons instead of red. And the small picture on the back of the keyboards box that displays the double springs for the space bar has a completely different design then the keyboard I got. The keyboard I got has a pointy arm rest below the space bar like shown in the sellers pictures. However, the referred picture shows a smooth arm rest which tells me they are illustrating the wrong keyboard. Maybe it was an earlier model but there are definitely no double springs under my space bar.  So after seeing the false advertisements I can only imagine what information is actually correct and what isn't according to what is stated on the tin besides the obvious. Does this keyboard have a waterproof splash design as stated? I have no idea and not sure how to tell other then to poor water on it and see what happens. There also seems to be two model numbers. On the box it states JLK009 while on the back of the keyboard it states MD-KB-02. Which is correct? No idea. Neither give me a whole lot to work with when I Google them. On the front of the box it states &#34;laser carving radium technology, never wear&#34;. Not sure how confident I am in that statement since the dual springs weren't there for the space bar. See what I am talking about? If I find anything else I'll update."
R1OOOMN0HJ9GS2	Eddie	4	"Before I proceed with my review, please see below for the keyboard specs...  Name: Multimedia Photosensitive Gaming Keyboard Model: JLK009 Bar-code: X000OQM5M7 Key Technology: Architecture crater Key Life: 10,000,000 times Connection: Wired Keys: 104 normal keys (full-size style) Color: Black Cable Length: 1.8m (USB braided) Size: 454x180x30mm Weight: 700g  I took a gamble with this keyboard since there were absolutely no reviews for it. What made me go for this keyboard was that there is a video link in the description that has a short video showing off this keyboard. If it weren't for that video I wouldn't have given this one a try. I just received it today and wanted to be the first person to say I am pretty impressed with this keyboard.  Firstly, I wanted a keyboard with dedicated multimedia buttons, not secondary multimedia buttons which most of the blue led lighted keyboards on Amazon had. This keyboard has dedicated multimedia buttons and they work great. Very big multimedia buttons and are colored red for easy distinction. Although, the led back light does not light them up like on the keys of the keyboard, they have lights that kind of go around them to at least see their border in complete darkness but can easily see them in daylight.  Secondly, the key ScrLk is labeled underneath it with a picture indicating it is the button to change the led lights from blue, red purple and off. Just hold the FN key down and keep pressing the ScrLk key for your desired color. Easy, simple and no guess work or trying to remember what key it was to change the colors. You can also change the brightness using FN + PgUp or PgDn keys. Easy!  Thirdly, the keyboards USB cable is braided. Nothing spells good quality like a braided USB cable.  Fourthly, the keyboard keys click very well. However, it seems the space bar has a tiny squeak when using it, which I hope will die down over time or I might take it out and get some Wd-40 in there to quiet it. The keyboard is pretty heavy with rubber feet underneath it to keep it grounded. Also has tilt option.  Lastly, the keys are very hard to see when the back light led lights are not on. This is obvious because the letters on the keys are transparent and are not black on white, or white on black. So in all honesty, in order to use this keyboard, either the back light needs to be on at all times, day or night, to see the key letters or if you took a lot of typing classes in your day you don't have to see the keys to type.  Some interesting things to know about this keyboard:  1. There are shiny red bumpers to the left and right of this keyboard. They light up very well with the red and purple back lights but the blue doesn't seem to shine through as good.  2. The keyboards back lights turn off after 3 minutes of being idle. I assume this is a power saving feature. Just click a key on the keyboard to wake the lights back up. It resumes the same light you left off.  3. When you wake the computer from sleep, the keyboard goes back to its default color which is blue instead of going back to the color you left off of unless it was blue. This is kind of annoying, Not sure why it just can't go back to the last color selected.  Bottom line, for the discounted price of this keyboard it is just pretty cool. Very bright led lights from blue to red and purple and to be able to increase and decrease the brightness I am satisfied. The reason why I rated -1 star was because the annoying squeaky space bar on a new keyboard (which I will have to take out and spray some lubricant in there on a brand new keyboard). Please feel free to check out all the pictures I uploaded of this keyboard.  UPDATE:  After further investigation of the squeaky space bar (it was driving me nuts) I popped the space bar off and to my surprise there were no 2x mini springs as stated on the back of the keyboard box making it a stronger keyboard. I quote &#34;The blank space key double spring design curved&#34; and has a picture of the spacebar removed and two mini springs are present indicating a strong double spring design for a strong lasting space bar. However, all I find instead is a traditional long bar spring which was used in the old school keyboards (probably still used today in cheap keyboards but definitely not gaming keyboards I would assume. Then again, I'm not popping off the space bar to check every single keyboard I purchase to see whats under the hood). And since the back of the keyboard box states, with a picture I might add, that it should have two springs in it, I have to say I have identified false advertisement on this keyboard and it must be reported. Not that the kind of spring in a keyboard is such a big deal but it makes the company untrustworthy and that puts me on edge. I plan to submit a picture of this, once Amazon sends me email instructions on how to add additional pictures to a review (can't seem to figure it out) in hopes that the sellers see this false advertisement and correct it. Also I appreciate a contact from the seller to arrange an exchange for the double spring keyboard that is stated on the box rather then the one I got. Because of this I had to take away a star. False advertisement is completely unacceptable. Sellers, feel free to chime in and explain your side of this. On a good note, the space bar is no longer squeaking and driving me nuts. The long spring bar must of been rubbing the wrong way.  Also, the picture of the keyboard on the box has blue multimedia buttons instead of red. And the small picture on the back of the keyboards box that displays the double springs for the space bar has a completely different design then the keyboard I got. The keyboard I got has a pointy arm rest below the space bar like shown in the sellers pictures. However, the referred picture shows a smooth arm rest which tells me they are illustrating the wrong keyboard. Maybe it was an earlier model but there are definitely no double springs under my space bar.  So after seeing the false advertisements I can only imagine what information is actually correct and what isn't according to what is stated on the tin besides the obvious. Does this keyboard have a waterproof splash design as stated? I have no idea and not sure how to tell other then to poor water on it and see what happens. There also seems to be two model numbers. On the box it states JLK009 while on the back of the keyboard it states MD-KB-02. Which is correct? No idea. Neither give me a whole lot to work with when I Google them. On the front of the box it states &#34;laser carving radium technology, never wear&#34;. Not sure how confident I am in that statement since the dual springs weren't there for the space bar. See what I am talking about? If I find anything else I'll update."
R1PK9YGGN98S6B	547	2	"I bought it few months ago for my laptop, but i tried to install it but couldn't it's doesn't install automatically as other accessories installed now I'm waiting for my friend to when he get a chance to see me he might be able to install it. it does not come with any cd or some installation software etc."
R1PK9YGGN98S6B	Eddie	2	"I bought it few months ago for my laptop, but i tried to install it but couldn't it's doesn't install automatically as other accessories installed now I'm waiting for my friend to when he get a chance to see me he might be able to install it. it does not come with any cd or some installation software etc."
R1PKZ4DB856UK9	547	2	"I assume that this product does what it states it should do and has a couple of very useful features. 1. I can enter numbers directly into the computer or I can put it into calc mode, do the math, and then send the results to the computer. It also has a memory function like a regular calculator 2. I can use the Num Lock to navigate around the computer screen.<br />  I would love the product, but it has two huge flaws. 1. As almost every reviewer has stated, it falls asleep. I also ask the question: WHY? It happens so often that it makes the product almost useless. I can always get it to turn back on, but I haven't learned yet which key to push. If it is going to go into sleep mode, I should be able to awake it by touching any key. 2. It is too small. Think of this as a calculator, not a keypad. I cannot comfortablely use it the way I can a keypad because the keys are too close together.<br />  I do need a keypad. I wish I had ordered something else, but I doubt it is worth paying the shipping cost of having it returned."
R1PKZ4DB856UK9	Eddie	2	"I assume that this product does what it states it should do and has a couple of very useful features. 1. I can enter numbers directly into the computer or I can put it into calc mode, do the math, and then send the results to the computer. It also has a memory function like a regular calculator 2. I can use the Num Lock to navigate around the computer screen.<br />  I would love the product, but it has two huge flaws. 1. As almost every reviewer has stated, it falls asleep. I also ask the question: WHY? It happens so often that it makes the product almost useless. I can always get it to turn back on, but I haven't learned yet which key to push. If it is going to go into sleep mode, I should be able to awake it by touching any key. 2. It is too small. Think of this as a calculator, not a keypad. I cannot comfortablely use it the way I can a keypad because the keys are too close together.<br />  I do need a keypad. I wish I had ordered something else, but I doubt it is worth paying the shipping cost of having it returned."
R1Q23WZSVIZ0GB	547	2	"I would give this little laptop 5 stars if it weren't for the problem with adware.  I mean there were pop ups ever few seconds and PC Cleaner is the worst.  I called customer service and asked them if they put this adware on the computer with &#34;intent&#34;.  They wouldn't answer me.  They instructed me to return the PC to it's original configuration, which I did, and it didn't work.<br />I'm pretty good with computers, and I'm not entirely sure what the original &#34;cause&#34; was, but I'll tell you what I did to get rid of the problem.  I uninstalled McAfee and installed Norton 360.  McAfee didn't pick up any of the malware and missed one virus, Norton cleaned everything up.  It removed 6 potentially harmful files and now my laptop is working fine.  I had to look up PC Cleaner and the removal of all it's parts seems rather complicated.  I ran uninstall from Windows and we'll see if that kills all the ads.  If not, I will follow the instructions I found by googling the program.<br />I think this laptop would thoroughly confound a person without tech ability.  It's that confusing."
R1Q23WZSVIZ0GB	Eddie	2	"I would give this little laptop 5 stars if it weren't for the problem with adware.  I mean there were pop ups ever few seconds and PC Cleaner is the worst.  I called customer service and asked them if they put this adware on the computer with &#34;intent&#34;.  They wouldn't answer me.  They instructed me to return the PC to it's original configuration, which I did, and it didn't work.<br />I'm pretty good with computers, and I'm not entirely sure what the original &#34;cause&#34; was, but I'll tell you what I did to get rid of the problem.  I uninstalled McAfee and installed Norton 360.  McAfee didn't pick up any of the malware and missed one virus, Norton cleaned everything up.  It removed 6 potentially harmful files and now my laptop is working fine.  I had to look up PC Cleaner and the removal of all it's parts seems rather complicated.  I ran uninstall from Windows and we'll see if that kills all the ads.  If not, I will follow the instructions I found by googling the program.<br />I think this laptop would thoroughly confound a person without tech ability.  It's that confusing."
R1QHRT5J95XBBV	547	2	"OMG! We were SHOCKED by how bright LIME GREEN this color was. But that is OUR fault... didn't realize how NEON - Neon Green would be. Just to bright for teenage son who was wanting olive green. Solution... spray paint camo style. A matching blue case bought for my daughter was not very sturdy... the green one wasn't used long enough, as we found a better color one before this one had a chance to fall apart as his sister's matching blue one did in just a few months of HEAVY teen-age abuse."
R1QHRT5J95XBBV	Eddie	2	"OMG! We were SHOCKED by how bright LIME GREEN this color was. But that is OUR fault... didn't realize how NEON - Neon Green would be. Just to bright for teenage son who was wanting olive green. Solution... spray paint camo style. A matching blue case bought for my daughter was not very sturdy... the green one wasn't used long enough, as we found a better color one before this one had a chance to fall apart as his sister's matching blue one did in just a few months of HEAVY teen-age abuse."
R1QIQDIITHLVEP	547	4	"I really wanted to give this a five-star review, but I can't. I only just put it on my new Kindle Fire last night, so I can't speak about how it holds up to scratches yet, but I do want to point out some basic issues:<br /><br />1. I wasted one protector trying to get it to firmly adhere to my Kindle. I had everything lined up and ready to go. I was following the directions exactly (which isn't hard). And as I was slowly placing the screen and removing the first layer of backing, I noticed that the protector, which was supposed to be sticking to the section of Kindle where I'd placed it, kept slipping. I had to keep pausing and trying to hold down the end with the exposed sticky bit while removing the rest of the first backing. Very frustrating. By the time I had gotten the backing off the first side and managed to keep the screen in place, I noticed that there were many air bubbles that couldn't be removed and were unsightly. So I removed the protector (something it says you can do), and I even did it carefully, but a finger smudge still resulted on the sticky side and it looked horrible. Into the trash went the first protector.<br /><br />2. I had more luck placing the second protector because I was now aware of the flaws and aware of what may result if I wasn't completely watchful. Now, the protector was clean with no smudges and my Kindle was ready for its case. This brings me to issue No. 2: The screen protector does not fit the Kindle Fire screen from edge to edge like my screen for my iPhone. This was pretty annoying because that made it difficult to line up in the first place, and it left a small gap between protector and edge of device all the way around. I don't have a thick, framed Kindle case; I opted for the book-cover portfolio for my device. So the edge of exposed glass around the perimeter of my Kindle is irksome. Also, being somewhat of a perfectionist, when placing the film I had to make sure the perimeter was exposed uniformly -- in other words, I made sure one side of the Kindle wasn't more protected than the other.<br /><br />3. Issue No. 3, for me, is that this protector screen is too glossy, it shows fingerprints faster and easier than the glass! I have a similar shield for my iPhone and I don't have this problem. It's very strange to me. I wish I'd researched more and looked to see if my iPhone screen protector company sold protectors for the Fire. When it's time to replace these protectors, that's what I'll hope to find. As it is, with me being a perfectionist, my portfolio pocket contains my lint cloth so I can keep the Fire clean. Constantly wiping the screen down is bound to get old, though, and I may simply request better screen protectors for Christmas.<br /><br />All of this said, the protector should do what it's meant to do, for the part of my Fire that it covers. No matter what, you shouldn't operate a device like this without a protector.made sure one side of the Kindle wasn't more protected than the other.<br /><br />3. Issue No. 3, for me, is that this protector screen is too glossy, it shows fingerprints faster and easier than the glass! I have a similar shield for my iPhone and I don't have this problem. It's very strange to me. I wish I'd researched more and looked to see if my iPhone screen protector company sold protectors for the Fire. When it's time to replace these protectors, that's what I'll hope to find. As it is, with me being a perfectionist, my portfolio pocket contains my lint cloth so I can keep the Fire clean. Constantly wiping the screen down is bound to get old, though, and I may simply request better screen protectors for Christmas.<br /><br />All of this said, the protector should do what it's meant to do, for the part of my Fire that it covers. No matter what, you shouldn't operate a device like this without a protector."
R1QIQDIITHLVEP	Eddie	4	"I really wanted to give this a five-star review, but I can't. I only just put it on my new Kindle Fire last night, so I can't speak about how it holds up to scratches yet, but I do want to point out some basic issues:<br /><br />1. I wasted one protector trying to get it to firmly adhere to my Kindle. I had everything lined up and ready to go. I was following the directions exactly (which isn't hard). And as I was slowly placing the screen and removing the first layer of backing, I noticed that the protector, which was supposed to be sticking to the section of Kindle where I'd placed it, kept slipping. I had to keep pausing and trying to hold down the end with the exposed sticky bit while removing the rest of the first backing. Very frustrating. By the time I had gotten the backing off the first side and managed to keep the screen in place, I noticed that there were many air bubbles that couldn't be removed and were unsightly. So I removed the protector (something it says you can do), and I even did it carefully, but a finger smudge still resulted on the sticky side and it looked horrible. Into the trash went the first protector.<br /><br />2. I had more luck placing the second protector because I was now aware of the flaws and aware of what may result if I wasn't completely watchful. Now, the protector was clean with no smudges and my Kindle was ready for its case. This brings me to issue No. 2: The screen protector does not fit the Kindle Fire screen from edge to edge like my screen for my iPhone. This was pretty annoying because that made it difficult to line up in the first place, and it left a small gap between protector and edge of device all the way around. I don't have a thick, framed Kindle case; I opted for the book-cover portfolio for my device. So the edge of exposed glass around the perimeter of my Kindle is irksome. Also, being somewhat of a perfectionist, when placing the film I had to make sure the perimeter was exposed uniformly -- in other words, I made sure one side of the Kindle wasn't more protected than the other.<br /><br />3. Issue No. 3, for me, is that this protector screen is too glossy, it shows fingerprints faster and easier than the glass! I have a similar shield for my iPhone and I don't have this problem. It's very strange to me. I wish I'd researched more and looked to see if my iPhone screen protector company sold protectors for the Fire. When it's time to replace these protectors, that's what I'll hope to find. As it is, with me being a perfectionist, my portfolio pocket contains my lint cloth so I can keep the Fire clean. Constantly wiping the screen down is bound to get old, though, and I may simply request better screen protectors for Christmas.<br /><br />All of this said, the protector should do what it's meant to do, for the part of my Fire that it covers. No matter what, you shouldn't operate a device like this without a protector.made sure one side of the Kindle wasn't more protected than the other.<br /><br />3. Issue No. 3, for me, is that this protector screen is too glossy, it shows fingerprints faster and easier than the glass! I have a similar shield for my iPhone and I don't have this problem. It's very strange to me. I wish I'd researched more and looked to see if my iPhone screen protector company sold protectors for the Fire. When it's time to replace these protectors, that's what I'll hope to find. As it is, with me being a perfectionist, my portfolio pocket contains my lint cloth so I can keep the Fire clean. Constantly wiping the screen down is bound to get old, though, and I may simply request better screen protectors for Christmas.<br /><br />All of this said, the protector should do what it's meant to do, for the part of my Fire that it covers. No matter what, you shouldn't operate a device like this without a protector."
R1QM3764DZFO8W	547	3	"... because this is more of a 3 1/2 star item here.  First off, the price was good - $112 for a 22&#34; high def monitor is pretty decent - and from straight on, stuff looks very good on it.  Back-lighting is even and bright, and the colors are nice and vibrant.  The problem comes up when you drift off to the side and everything starts turning yellowish -- something my 22&#34; high def TV set never does.  To be fair, it's only annoying on a screen that is mostly white (like the review page here at Amazon) - with colorful screens it's not as obvious.  The other annoying bit is the buttons for the menu - they're some sort of touch sensitive thing, and they don't always trigger the way you want them to.  I also cant seem to actually adjust the brightness and contrast, I can only switch between &#34;normal&#34; and &#34;eco&#34; modes.<br /><br />Still, low cost, and quick delivery makes it better than the 3 I could give it..."
R1QM3764DZFO8W	Eddie	3	"... because this is more of a 3 1/2 star item here.  First off, the price was good - $112 for a 22&#34; high def monitor is pretty decent - and from straight on, stuff looks very good on it.  Back-lighting is even and bright, and the colors are nice and vibrant.  The problem comes up when you drift off to the side and everything starts turning yellowish -- something my 22&#34; high def TV set never does.  To be fair, it's only annoying on a screen that is mostly white (like the review page here at Amazon) - with colorful screens it's not as obvious.  The other annoying bit is the buttons for the menu - they're some sort of touch sensitive thing, and they don't always trigger the way you want them to.  I also cant seem to actually adjust the brightness and contrast, I can only switch between &#34;normal&#34; and &#34;eco&#34; modes.<br /><br />Still, low cost, and quick delivery makes it better than the 3 I could give it..."
R1QWK7QAPOREL0	547	2	"I purchased this drive with some reservations - especially because a few reviews mentioned that the drive is loud.  It is primarily a backup drive for me, so it doesn't get the intense usage that other drives may see, but so far it has performed flawlessly.  It is quick and quiet.  My main drive is a Western Digital Green drive which is specifically made to be quiet at the expense of being somewhat slower.  Well, so far, this Hitachi seems as quiet, if not quieter, to me.  But it is definitely faster than my Green drive.    All-in-all I am quite pleased.  Perhaps I will reformat my drives sometime and use the new Hitachi as the main drive.    **UPDATE** After just a few months, the drive died and I had to send it in to get a replacement.  For that reason, I've lowered to 3 stars.  I realize that drives die, but this drive was only a few months old and rarely used.  It shouldn't die that soon, in my humble opinion"
R1QWK7QAPOREL0	Eddie	2	"I purchased this drive with some reservations - especially because a few reviews mentioned that the drive is loud.  It is primarily a backup drive for me, so it doesn't get the intense usage that other drives may see, but so far it has performed flawlessly.  It is quick and quiet.  My main drive is a Western Digital Green drive which is specifically made to be quiet at the expense of being somewhat slower.  Well, so far, this Hitachi seems as quiet, if not quieter, to me.  But it is definitely faster than my Green drive.    All-in-all I am quite pleased.  Perhaps I will reformat my drives sometime and use the new Hitachi as the main drive.    **UPDATE** After just a few months, the drive died and I had to send it in to get a replacement.  For that reason, I've lowered to 3 stars.  I realize that drives die, but this drive was only a few months old and rarely used.  It shouldn't die that soon, in my humble opinion"
R1QWRCQPJN4XJL	547	1	Works great. The only bad is that you have no way of knowing when the battery goes down. It just dies.
R1QWRCQPJN4XJL	Eddie	1	Works great. The only bad is that you have no way of knowing when the battery goes down. It just dies.
R1R2F8EMJT4T5A	547	1	Great concept. If only it were more reliable. It works sometimes. This is my second one. I will try a different reader next time.
R1R2F8EMJT4T5A	Eddie	1	Great concept. If only it were more reliable. It works sometimes. This is my second one. I will try a different reader next time.
R1R7W8IEJFSNZB	547	3	"First of all, I have a MAC but I do run windows XP from time to time using VMfusion. The included software CD that came with this camera was pretty much useless as the 'wizard software' could not find the camera. Also it is not clear in the manual but you do have to physically connect your computer to your router and the camera to the router to get started (you can go wireless once it is set up).<br /><br />For Mac users using and Airport Basestation. Go to Airport utilities (it is in your system preferences) and click on advanced. Click on 'Logs and statistics' and then on 'DHCP clients'. Now turn over your camera and look for the MAC address on the sticker underneath near the serial number. Find the MAC address in the DHCP client list that matches and  bingo you have the IP address that your router assigned to this device. Note unless you reserve this IP number using your airport software, this number will change from time to time (if you internet service provider uses dynamic DNS which Comcast does) and you will have to repeat this process to find the IP again (annoying). More on this later.<br /><br />For example. The IP my router assigned this camera was 10.0.1.2<br />Type this in your address bar in your web browser (I use Safari) and your will get the Airlink 101 web configuration page. You can use this to now configure your camera how you want it and to enter the details regarding your wireless network so the camera can connect on its own. You now no longer need the ethernet cable and can run the camera using WIFI.<br /><br />As I said before your airport will assign a new IP for the camera once the DHCP lease is up but you can prevent this from happening. If you want the local IP for the camera to always be 10.0.1.2 for example<br />Go to Airport Utility again-->internet-->DHCP-->DHCP Reservations and click + to add.<br /><br />I set mine up by the MAC address of the camera (on the sticker remember). Now the router will always assign the Airlink Camera the IP of 10.0.1.2 and nothing else. Also no other device will ever be assigned that number.<br /><br />I run the camera via EvoCam as I cannot figure out yet how to tinker with the camera's built in IP (192.168.1.240)  to make the camera viewable to the outside world (i.e. outside my network). Right now I am using EVOCAM to broadcast a public stream and I linked the AIRLINK using the network camera feature of EVOCAM.<br /><br />My goal is to eventually make the camera computer-less and have it broadcast a public stream directly. I could then used it as a security camera when I am away without leaving my computer on the whole time.<br /><br />The image quality of this camera is good but not great. Once you have the camera in WIFI mode, the video will be choppy but serves its purpose as a simple webcam. This camera would make a great security camera, scenic webcam (i.e. pointed at the beach or something). Don't expect it to perform any where near as well as the built in i-sight camera that is standard on all MACs.<br /><br />Also this camera does not have night vision, no pan/tilt and no autofocus.<br /><br />Hope this saves some of you a couple of hours of aggravation.no other device will ever be assigned that number.    I run the camera via EvoCam as I cannot figure out yet how to tinker with the camera's built in IP (192.168.1.240)  to make the camera viewable to the outside world (i.e. outside my network). Right now I am using EVOCAM to broadcast a public stream and I linked the AIRLINK using the network camera feature of EVOCAM.    My goal is to eventually make the camera computer-less and have it broadcast a public stream directly. I could then used it as a security camera when I am away without leaving my computer on the whole time.    The image quality of this camera is good but not great. Once you have the camera in WIFI mode, the video will be choppy but serves its purpose as a simple webcam. This camera would make a great security camera, scenic webcam (i.e. pointed at the beach or something). Don't expect it to perform any where near as well as the built in i-sight camera that is standard on all MACs.    Also this camera does not have night vision, no pan/tilt and no autofocus.    Hope this saves some of you a couple of hours of aggravation."
R1R7W8IEJFSNZB	Eddie	3	"First of all, I have a MAC but I do run windows XP from time to time using VMfusion. The included software CD that came with this camera was pretty much useless as the 'wizard software' could not find the camera. Also it is not clear in the manual but you do have to physically connect your computer to your router and the camera to the router to get started (you can go wireless once it is set up).<br /><br />For Mac users using and Airport Basestation. Go to Airport utilities (it is in your system preferences) and click on advanced. Click on 'Logs and statistics' and then on 'DHCP clients'. Now turn over your camera and look for the MAC address on the sticker underneath near the serial number. Find the MAC address in the DHCP client list that matches and  bingo you have the IP address that your router assigned to this device. Note unless you reserve this IP number using your airport software, this number will change from time to time (if you internet service provider uses dynamic DNS which Comcast does) and you will have to repeat this process to find the IP again (annoying). More on this later.<br /><br />For example. The IP my router assigned this camera was 10.0.1.2<br />Type this in your address bar in your web browser (I use Safari) and your will get the Airlink 101 web configuration page. You can use this to now configure your camera how you want it and to enter the details regarding your wireless network so the camera can connect on its own. You now no longer need the ethernet cable and can run the camera using WIFI.<br /><br />As I said before your airport will assign a new IP for the camera once the DHCP lease is up but you can prevent this from happening. If you want the local IP for the camera to always be 10.0.1.2 for example<br />Go to Airport Utility again-->internet-->DHCP-->DHCP Reservations and click + to add.<br /><br />I set mine up by the MAC address of the camera (on the sticker remember). Now the router will always assign the Airlink Camera the IP of 10.0.1.2 and nothing else. Also no other device will ever be assigned that number.<br /><br />I run the camera via EvoCam as I cannot figure out yet how to tinker with the camera's built in IP (192.168.1.240)  to make the camera viewable to the outside world (i.e. outside my network). Right now I am using EVOCAM to broadcast a public stream and I linked the AIRLINK using the network camera feature of EVOCAM.<br /><br />My goal is to eventually make the camera computer-less and have it broadcast a public stream directly. I could then used it as a security camera when I am away without leaving my computer on the whole time.<br /><br />The image quality of this camera is good but not great. Once you have the camera in WIFI mode, the video will be choppy but serves its purpose as a simple webcam. This camera would make a great security camera, scenic webcam (i.e. pointed at the beach or something). Don't expect it to perform any where near as well as the built in i-sight camera that is standard on all MACs.<br /><br />Also this camera does not have night vision, no pan/tilt and no autofocus.<br /><br />Hope this saves some of you a couple of hours of aggravation.no other device will ever be assigned that number.    I run the camera via EvoCam as I cannot figure out yet how to tinker with the camera's built in IP (192.168.1.240)  to make the camera viewable to the outside world (i.e. outside my network). Right now I am using EVOCAM to broadcast a public stream and I linked the AIRLINK using the network camera feature of EVOCAM.    My goal is to eventually make the camera computer-less and have it broadcast a public stream directly. I could then used it as a security camera when I am away without leaving my computer on the whole time.    The image quality of this camera is good but not great. Once you have the camera in WIFI mode, the video will be choppy but serves its purpose as a simple webcam. This camera would make a great security camera, scenic webcam (i.e. pointed at the beach or something). Don't expect it to perform any where near as well as the built in i-sight camera that is standard on all MACs.    Also this camera does not have night vision, no pan/tilt and no autofocus.    Hope this saves some of you a couple of hours of aggravation."
R1RH2RKZHI97K0	547	2	This case keeps the iPad protected but the stand is not very sturdy. I have trouble finding just the right position to make it prop on it's own. I will use this case as a backup and probably be purchasing another case soon.
R1RH2RKZHI97K0	Eddie	2	This case keeps the iPad protected but the stand is not very sturdy. I have trouble finding just the right position to make it prop on it's own. I will use this case as a backup and probably be purchasing another case soon.
R1RK5AZB8WLP8O	547	1	"They were just okay, wish they were a little longer. The rubber part doesn't seem to hold up long when using it with Kindle."
R1RK5AZB8WLP8O	Eddie	1	"They were just okay, wish they were a little longer. The rubber part doesn't seem to hold up long when using it with Kindle."
R1ROD0WX0WL0ZR	547	3	"Big bright monitor. Sometimes too bright, and the settings seem to change on their own. Contrast and colors vary noticeably with the view angle, so finding the sweet spot that works for you is critical.<br /><br />My biggest gripe is the touch controls on the side of the monitor. The very top control doesn't seem to function correctly, so I have to use the &#34;remote&#34; to set up the monitor. Both the monitor controls and remote are slow and awkward, but fortunately you don't need to use them much.<br /><br />Overall, it's a decent monitor, but I'm not sure I would buy another one."
R1ROD0WX0WL0ZR	Eddie	3	"Big bright monitor. Sometimes too bright, and the settings seem to change on their own. Contrast and colors vary noticeably with the view angle, so finding the sweet spot that works for you is critical.<br /><br />My biggest gripe is the touch controls on the side of the monitor. The very top control doesn't seem to function correctly, so I have to use the &#34;remote&#34; to set up the monitor. Both the monitor controls and remote are slow and awkward, but fortunately you don't need to use them much.<br /><br />Overall, it's a decent monitor, but I'm not sure I would buy another one."
R1S4PPDJD0SAFF	547	1	Not as loud as I expected from powered speakers.
R1S4PPDJD0SAFF	Eddie	1	Not as loud as I expected from powered speakers.
R1SJOQSQJ7E2L	547	2	"Model with an antenna picked up wi-fi from a block away,this one works only a room away.<br />But youve got to consider what you paid.<br />For use in the same room as the router,youre fine."
R1SJOQSQJ7E2L	Eddie	2	"Model with an antenna picked up wi-fi from a block away,this one works only a room away.<br />But youve got to consider what you paid.<br />For use in the same room as the router,youre fine."
R1SKT2M7H5KQ26	547	2	"I really wanted to like this keyboard.  I liked the size, I like the fact that it's wireless, I like the multi-media buttons, and I like the excellent battery life.  What I couldn't handle were the keys.  The size of the keys is fine for me, but they sure wiggle around a lot.  That wouldn't be a problem if there was less travel or if the keys were concave, but even though they're flat; when you combine the long travel with the wiggling it made me feel as if my fingers were constantly rolling off the sides.  I'll keep it around if I need a keyboard for a machine that I don't do a lot of typing on, but I'm going to have to try something different for my daily driver.  I ordered a Logitech K740 with their &#34;PerfectStroke&#34; system, and I'm hoping it's more to my liking."
R1SKT2M7H5KQ26	Eddie	2	"I really wanted to like this keyboard.  I liked the size, I like the fact that it's wireless, I like the multi-media buttons, and I like the excellent battery life.  What I couldn't handle were the keys.  The size of the keys is fine for me, but they sure wiggle around a lot.  That wouldn't be a problem if there was less travel or if the keys were concave, but even though they're flat; when you combine the long travel with the wiggling it made me feel as if my fingers were constantly rolling off the sides.  I'll keep it around if I need a keyboard for a machine that I don't do a lot of typing on, but I'm going to have to try something different for my daily driver.  I ordered a Logitech K740 with their &#34;PerfectStroke&#34; system, and I'm hoping it's more to my liking."
R1SLZ6VXZCK2DD	547	1	"I had the previous generation, it suddenly decided to stop working on one side of the screen one day. It was out of warranty, so i had to send the old one in to purchase a refurbished one at $78.<br /><br />It is not a big difference from the previous version, improvements are barely visible. I wish they had made better quality kindles so it would not suddenly stop working on one side of the screen, and i would not need to pay again. $21 usd discounted from $99 to $78 is not a lot of help to me, considering i bought mine new at $119.<br /><br />Kinda feel i have been ripped off, but nevertheless, i enjoy reading on my kindle Paper white, i hope you guys have more luck then me on your Kindles."
R1SLZ6VXZCK2DD	Eddie	1	"I had the previous generation, it suddenly decided to stop working on one side of the screen one day. It was out of warranty, so i had to send the old one in to purchase a refurbished one at $78.<br /><br />It is not a big difference from the previous version, improvements are barely visible. I wish they had made better quality kindles so it would not suddenly stop working on one side of the screen, and i would not need to pay again. $21 usd discounted from $99 to $78 is not a lot of help to me, considering i bought mine new at $119.<br /><br />Kinda feel i have been ripped off, but nevertheless, i enjoy reading on my kindle Paper white, i hope you guys have more luck then me on your Kindles."
R1T1ZXCPGGVL3N	547	2	"This shield does protect the screen, but the &#34;self healing&#34; aspect is a bit of a joke.  It has a &#34;tacky&#34; feel to it.  I would not recommend this product and will go another direction for my next screen protector."
R1T1ZXCPGGVL3N	Eddie	2	"This shield does protect the screen, but the &#34;self healing&#34; aspect is a bit of a joke.  It has a &#34;tacky&#34; feel to it.  I would not recommend this product and will go another direction for my next screen protector."
R1T2LI9DU8DV1O	547	2	"I got it for my ASUS 15.6\\"" laptop and the molding is too short for my laptop to fit into it. So it does fit if crammed in, but only one end is protected by the hard molding. And the front seems to be thinner material than on a different BUILT sleeve I had, so I guess you have to choose whether you want the top or bottom of your computer to be left vulnerable. I'm disappointed by the design. It will get the job done, adding an extra shield in my laptop bag, but it just didn't feel cool. It kind of looked like a serving tray wearing a wet suit. :("
R1T2LI9DU8DV1O	Eddie	2	"I got it for my ASUS 15.6\\"" laptop and the molding is too short for my laptop to fit into it. So it does fit if crammed in, but only one end is protected by the hard molding. And the front seems to be thinner material than on a different BUILT sleeve I had, so I guess you have to choose whether you want the top or bottom of your computer to be left vulnerable. I'm disappointed by the design. It will get the job done, adding an extra shield in my laptop bag, but it just didn't feel cool. It kind of looked like a serving tray wearing a wet suit. :("
R1T6WCLAL47169	547	1	I needed to go from eSata port on my computer to a USB3.0 on my external HD. Wouldn't work for it. One way traffic on this device.
R1T6WCLAL47169	Eddie	1	I needed to go from eSata port on my computer to a USB3.0 on my external HD. Wouldn't work for it. One way traffic on this device.
R1T9AYQ93CV4TR	547	1	"I won't go into a lot of detail about how it operates since their are thousands of other reviews. Overall I like it, but the battery life is four hours or less.  Half of what the specs say.  It does get annoying.  It's not worth taking on a plane since it won't last."
R1T9AYQ93CV4TR	Eddie	1	"I won't go into a lot of detail about how it operates since their are thousands of other reviews. Overall I like it, but the battery life is four hours or less.  Half of what the specs say.  It does get annoying.  It's not worth taking on a plane since it won't last."
R1TME8M6ATMZMH	547	1	"I purchased the case 5 months ago and it has performed well.  It keeps the tablet protected against minor dings and scratches well.  Over all it is a good product and I would recommend it to others.<br /><br />On the down side, the retaining strap hasn't stood up to repeated use and I had to cut what was left off but that is the only issue that I've had with the case"
R1TME8M6ATMZMH	Eddie	1	"I purchased the case 5 months ago and it has performed well.  It keeps the tablet protected against minor dings and scratches well.  Over all it is a good product and I would recommend it to others.<br /><br />On the down side, the retaining strap hasn't stood up to repeated use and I had to cut what was left off but that is the only issue that I've had with the case"
R1TPIGTQWAOSTO	547	1	"Nice concept!  However, if you have the new style outlets (rectangular), then these will NOT screw to the existing mount.  You will have to remove the new outlet and replace it with an older style with the center screw mount.  The new outlets are mounted with two screws, one at top & one at bottom.  Seems like I remember the electrician saying the new style is called Endura, but I could be wrong."
R1TPIGTQWAOSTO	Eddie	1	"Nice concept!  However, if you have the new style outlets (rectangular), then these will NOT screw to the existing mount.  You will have to remove the new outlet and replace it with an older style with the center screw mount.  The new outlets are mounted with two screws, one at top & one at bottom.  Seems like I remember the electrician saying the new style is called Endura, but I could be wrong."
R1U4P9174MPXXQ	547	1	"Needs to be a quarter inch wider, it doesn't completely cover the screen of my iPad mini."
R1U4P9174MPXXQ	Eddie	1	"Needs to be a quarter inch wider, it doesn't completely cover the screen of my iPad mini."
R1UE76YBD4TJZE	547	1	"I purchased this to replace a 2012 Generation Fire HD and was disappointed with the lack of features. It does not have a HDMI port or front facing camera. The volume and power buttons switch positions and are constantly getting jostled as I pick up and move the tablet. I did like the OS, and the clock on the screen saver, but I returned it because it was not worth the same amount of money as the older generation."
R1UE76YBD4TJZE	Eddie	2	"I purchased this to replace a 2012 Generation Fire HD and was disappointed with the lack of features. It does not have a HDMI port or front facing camera. The volume and power buttons switch positions and are constantly getting jostled as I pick up and move the tablet. I did like the OS, and the clock on the screen saver, but I returned it because it was not worth the same amount of money as the older generation."
R1VK9WM18GGFY8	547	1	"I boutght one in Oct 2013. It's a great product. It wored well for two years. Three days ago it stopped working. Can't figure out why!!! My recommendation is to buy a better one, even expensive. Don't forget to read the reviews before you purchase."
R1VK9WM18GGFY8	Eddie	1	"I boutght one in Oct 2013. It's a great product. It wored well for two years. Three days ago it stopped working. Can't figure out why!!! My recommendation is to buy a better one, even expensive. Don't forget to read the reviews before you purchase."
R1WDPUKPP9TL59	547	1	"I love the idea of this because I want to be able to float in my pool and read my book but when it is in the sun it gets very soft and sticks to Kindle so when you are trying to get in there to turn it off and on, it is a little cumbersome.  It does protect your Kindle though so it does it's job...."
R1WDPUKPP9TL59	Eddie	1	"I love the idea of this because I want to be able to float in my pool and read my book but when it is in the sun it gets very soft and sticks to Kindle so when you are trying to get in there to turn it off and on, it is a little cumbersome.  It does protect your Kindle though so it does it's job...."
R1X61988C39HBC	547	4	"[[[UPDATE August 14th 2014. To make it short: The Toshiba Qosmio failed in my Latin American Country after the first day of full use. It became totally dead. Amazon was very helpful and fast and kind. Five stars. Toshiba too. I sent the Qosmio back to the USA, paid from our money the freight, and Amazon refunded me quickly the total original price. I must state that the machine was delivered inside the USA by Amazon, as far as I know Amazon cannot deliver laptops outside the USA ad that is why I paid the freight. The Toshiba dealer in my Latin American country said something about the warranty: Perhaps the Toshiba warranty for the Qosmio is not valid in Latin America (I am confused now). Amazon would even had paid a reasonnable fee for service here in my country but the damage was too serious according to the Toshiba people here and the Qosmio was sent back to the USA. Now I have the money back but I do not know if I will buy Toshiba again since I do not understand how the warranty works in Latin America. If I find out that the warranty works then probably I will buy again the same machine because it is outstanding. My confidence in Toshiba has been damaged but I repeat, Amazon has been outstanding in solving this problem ]]]<br /><br />And now back to the machine: I used Toshiba Satellite Notebooks for most of my life. I am just amazed by their quality. I used to be in contact with several machines and I am amazed by the quality of almost every Toshiba Notebook that I have been in contact with. My Toshiba Satellites survived falls, spills, etc. Once I was waving to a taxi and I forgot that I had my Toshiba Satellite in my hand and when I raised the hand the Satellite flew several meters high and landed in hard asphalt... The screen was broken BUT THE TOSHIBA WENT ON WORKING!!! It was absolutely mind boggling and since then I became totally in love with Toshiba Notebooks... I have seen so many NON TOSHIBA Notebooks fail with very little -or fail with nothing-.<br /><br />Toshiba Satellites are awesome but they do not have the best available screens. I was amazed at the Qosmio screen quality: The sharpness and detail is mind boggling. I do some photo editing. Thanks to the amazing Qosmio screen I realized that many of the photographs had imperfect focus, an imperfection that I was not able to realize before having the 1080p Qosmio screen. Before the Qosmio there was sometimes a problem with our photographs that I could never find out. But thanks to the superb Qosmio screen I realized that we were using inadequate contrast settings when editing the photos, my other computer inferior screen never let me see the error that we were doing. When you look from a different angle the Qosmio screen (perceived)  colors change little while the machine that I have used before the Qosmio has big (perceived) color changes when you look from a different angle.<br /><br />I lived the whole life from MS DOS to Windows and then to Windows 95, then going through the nightmare Windows 98 and then ending in Windows 7. It seems that every new Windows version was slower to start eventough machines got faster and faster. The Qosmio, thanks to its solid state disk, starts amazingly fast, just a few seconds !<br /><br />So far I do not like Windows 8. I dislike Windows 8 need to setup a Microsoft account but so far what I disliked the most was how Windows forced me to link my Skype Account to my gmail account and make both accounts accesible with the same password: No link, No Skype (probably there is a way to avoid this)<br /><br />Having a backlit keyboard is just GREAT because you can work in the dark. The red black color combination (the only one available) for me is kind of sinister but that is a very small annoyance. I would have loved green black, blue black or white green or blue.<br /><br />The sound is very very good, we watched several videos. It was just amazing. The speed is lightning fast. I think this machine is GREAT VALUE and SUPERB performance. I rate it 4 stars because it failed but it seems that that will be fixed pretty soonormance. I rate it 4 stars because it failed but it seems that that will be fixed pretty soone only one available) for me is kind of sinister but that is a very small annoyance. I would have loved green black, blue black or white green or blue.<br /><br />The sound is very very good, we watched several videos. It was just amazing. The speed is lightning fast. I think this machine is GREAT VALUE and SUPERB performance. I rate it 4 stars because it failed but it seems that that will be fixed pretty soon"
R1X61988C39HBC	Eddie	5	"[[[UPDATE August 14th 2014. To make it short: The Toshiba Qosmio failed in my Latin American Country after the first day of full use. It became totally dead. Amazon was very helpful and fast and kind. Five stars. Toshiba too. I sent the Qosmio back to the USA, paid from our money the freight, and Amazon refunded me quickly the total original price. I must state that the machine was delivered inside the USA by Amazon, as far as I know Amazon cannot deliver laptops outside the USA ad that is why I paid the freight. The Toshiba dealer in my Latin American country said something about the warranty: Perhaps the Toshiba warranty for the Qosmio is not valid in Latin America (I am confused now). Amazon would even had paid a reasonnable fee for service here in my country but the damage was too serious according to the Toshiba people here and the Qosmio was sent back to the USA. Now I have the money back but I do not know if I will buy Toshiba again since I do not understand how the warranty works in Latin America. If I find out that the warranty works then probably I will buy again the same machine because it is outstanding. My confidence in Toshiba has been damaged but I repeat, Amazon has been outstanding in solving this problem ]]]<br /><br />And now back to the machine: I used Toshiba Satellite Notebooks for most of my life. I am just amazed by their quality. I used to be in contact with several machines and I am amazed by the quality of almost every Toshiba Notebook that I have been in contact with. My Toshiba Satellites survived falls, spills, etc. Once I was waving to a taxi and I forgot that I had my Toshiba Satellite in my hand and when I raised the hand the Satellite flew several meters high and landed in hard asphalt... The screen was broken BUT THE TOSHIBA WENT ON WORKING!!! It was absolutely mind boggling and since then I became totally in love with Toshiba Notebooks... I have seen so many NON TOSHIBA Notebooks fail with very little -or fail with nothing-.<br /><br />Toshiba Satellites are awesome but they do not have the best available screens. I was amazed at the Qosmio screen quality: The sharpness and detail is mind boggling. I do some photo editing. Thanks to the amazing Qosmio screen I realized that many of the photographs had imperfect focus, an imperfection that I was not able to realize before having the 1080p Qosmio screen. Before the Qosmio there was sometimes a problem with our photographs that I could never find out. But thanks to the superb Qosmio screen I realized that we were using inadequate contrast settings when editing the photos, my other computer inferior screen never let me see the error that we were doing. When you look from a different angle the Qosmio screen (perceived)  colors change little while the machine that I have used before the Qosmio has big (perceived) color changes when you look from a different angle.<br /><br />I lived the whole life from MS DOS to Windows and then to Windows 95, then going through the nightmare Windows 98 and then ending in Windows 7. It seems that every new Windows version was slower to start eventough machines got faster and faster. The Qosmio, thanks to its solid state disk, starts amazingly fast, just a few seconds !<br /><br />So far I do not like Windows 8. I dislike Windows 8 need to setup a Microsoft account but so far what I disliked the most was how Windows forced me to link my Skype Account to my gmail account and make both accounts accesible with the same password: No link, No Skype (probably there is a way to avoid this)<br /><br />Having a backlit keyboard is just GREAT because you can work in the dark. The red black color combination (the only one available) for me is kind of sinister but that is a very small annoyance. I would have loved green black, blue black or white green or blue.<br /><br />The sound is very very good, we watched several videos. It was just amazing. The speed is lightning fast. I think this machine is GREAT VALUE and SUPERB performance. I rate it 4 stars because it failed but it seems that that will be fixed pretty soonormance. I rate it 4 stars because it failed but it seems that that will be fixed pretty soone only one available) for me is kind of sinister but that is a very small annoyance. I would have loved green black, blue black or white green or blue.<br /><br />The sound is very very good, we watched several videos. It was just amazing. The speed is lightning fast. I think this machine is GREAT VALUE and SUPERB performance. I rate it 4 stars because it failed but it seems that that will be fixed pretty soon"
R1XHQIS4Y4Q83D	547	1	"Purchased two sets of these rackmount ears for SilverStone GD08 HTPC cases - 1st set December 2013, 2nd set in January 2014.<br /><br />I would give this product 5 stars if not for the hassle of dealing with SilverStone support. See below<br /><br />There are two versions of these rackmount ears:<br /><br />- 'old' style (which are what are shown in the images above - NO: G11215620): very solid, mount position extends front of case about 10mm in front of rack rails - I received this style from the first order<br /><br />- 'new' style (NO: G11215621): thinner material, different depth dimensions, and mount position recesses front of case about 10mm behind rack rails - received this style from the second order<br /><br />When I mounted both cases in my A/V rack, the case fronts do not align - they are off by almost an inch from each other.  This is unacceptable for my showcase 63U A/V/network rack.<br /><br />Both fit the GD08 case, have the same UPC, package markings, and dimensions on the package, although the artwork is different on the two different versions and matches the appropriate version included in the packaging.<br /><br />SilverStone verified that there are two versions and offered to replace mine through their RMA process.  However, I have to send it to them first and pay the shipping.  They will then send the new version upon receipt of the old version, and return shipping will be taken care of by SilverStone.<br /><br />For me, I will just buy a new set instead of going through the hassle of taking the case out of the rack and RMA'ing the ears, with no place for my PC while waiting for replacements.<br /><br />I hate that this turned out the way it did, as I was planning on purchasing at least two more of the SilverStone GD08 cases (fantastic HTPC cases) to mount some of my other PCs in my rack.  I am wary about doing this if I cannot be certain I will get matching rackmount ears."
R1XHQIS4Y4Q83D	Eddie	1	"Purchased two sets of these rackmount ears for SilverStone GD08 HTPC cases - 1st set December 2013, 2nd set in January 2014.<br /><br />I would give this product 5 stars if not for the hassle of dealing with SilverStone support. See below<br /><br />There are two versions of these rackmount ears:<br /><br />- 'old' style (which are what are shown in the images above - NO: G11215620): very solid, mount position extends front of case about 10mm in front of rack rails - I received this style from the first order<br /><br />- 'new' style (NO: G11215621): thinner material, different depth dimensions, and mount position recesses front of case about 10mm behind rack rails - received this style from the second order<br /><br />When I mounted both cases in my A/V rack, the case fronts do not align - they are off by almost an inch from each other.  This is unacceptable for my showcase 63U A/V/network rack.<br /><br />Both fit the GD08 case, have the same UPC, package markings, and dimensions on the package, although the artwork is different on the two different versions and matches the appropriate version included in the packaging.<br /><br />SilverStone verified that there are two versions and offered to replace mine through their RMA process.  However, I have to send it to them first and pay the shipping.  They will then send the new version upon receipt of the old version, and return shipping will be taken care of by SilverStone.<br /><br />For me, I will just buy a new set instead of going through the hassle of taking the case out of the rack and RMA'ing the ears, with no place for my PC while waiting for replacements.<br /><br />I hate that this turned out the way it did, as I was planning on purchasing at least two more of the SilverStone GD08 cases (fantastic HTPC cases) to mount some of my other PCs in my rack.  I am wary about doing this if I cannot be certain I will get matching rackmount ears."
R1XT9XEH5O5BDP	547	4	"Looks pretty.Works as it should. Priced well. Touch function works well.  Somewhat slow(I guess OK for the price).  Touchgate with the three floating desktop screens is a dumb distraction and does not add any functionality.   WORST OF ALL,the pen writing in the tablet mode (which was the main reason I bought this tablet)DOES NOT WORK, as the palm touch input is not blocked.This NEEDS to be fixed, including updated software for those of us who bought it without knowing this serious deficiency.  And the User Manual (paper as well as oline) is virtually useless. Does not give any info or suggestions on using the various functions unique to this tablet.     CK"
R1XT9XEH5O5BDP	Eddie	3	"Looks pretty.Works as it should. Priced well. Touch function works well.  Somewhat slow(I guess OK for the price).  Touchgate with the three floating desktop screens is a dumb distraction and does not add any functionality.   WORST OF ALL,the pen writing in the tablet mode (which was the main reason I bought this tablet)DOES NOT WORK, as the palm touch input is not blocked.This NEEDS to be fixed, including updated software for those of us who bought it without knowing this serious deficiency.  And the User Manual (paper as well as oline) is virtually useless. Does not give any info or suggestions on using the various functions unique to this tablet.     CK"
R1YR5SW3XWH7L6	547	1	"This Crucial SSD really sped up the laptop running Windows Vista. However it died after six months. I sent it back to Crucial for repair. At the same time I also purchased a 256GB SSD from Kingston. That SSD is still running strong, no problems at all. If I had to do it over again, I would buy two Kingstons."
R1YR5SW3XWH7L6	Eddie	1	"This Crucial SSD really sped up the laptop running Windows Vista. However it died after six months. I sent it back to Crucial for repair. At the same time I also purchased a 256GB SSD from Kingston. That SSD is still running strong, no problems at all. If I had to do it over again, I would buy two Kingstons."
R1Z0DFHPVO0FMT	547	1	"Charger has already broken, prong broke off when removing from the wall."
R1Z0DFHPVO0FMT	Eddie	1	"Charger has already broken, prong broke off when removing from the wall."
R201TFU458SJ76	547	2	"hard to set up. 1 1/2 hrs on phone with<br />service provider and manufacturer. hopefully will work ok but<br />only 90 days of 'free' tech support. shouldn't need ANY but we'll see. faster then my service so hoping it'll work thou my experience is modems last under 3 years.<br />best feature, led lights are dim reducing visual night time distraction."
R201TFU458SJ76	Eddie	2	"hard to set up. 1 1/2 hrs on phone with<br />service provider and manufacturer. hopefully will work ok but<br />only 90 days of 'free' tech support. shouldn't need ANY but we'll see. faster then my service so hoping it'll work thou my experience is modems last under 3 years.<br />best feature, led lights are dim reducing visual night time distraction."
R20P5TB0GO4JIA	547	3	"This fan looks good, comes with nice mounting and power accessories, and moves a lot of air quietly.<br /><br />That is until you mount it and it starts whining. I found this fan to be more annoying than a old school delta black label fan. Out in the open it is quiet but as soon as it is up near the case vents it starts making a really annoying noise.<br /><br />I have a Cooler Master HAF X case. I removed the dust filter mesh from the top and sides of the case. I tried using the spacers that came with the fan and also tried using other spacers to increase the gap. Increasing the gap just changed the noise and did not make it go away.<br /><br />It made noise mounted in the door. It made noise mounted in the top. When in the top it rubbed on the support bar. I had to use other spacers there too to get it up high enough to not rub on the bar.<br /><br />None of the Cooler Master fans had these problems. I think it is because the blades are so close to being the same as the frame thickness on this fan.<br /><br />Follow-up: I really didn't like this fan at first and gave it 2 stars. I ended up finding some nuts that fit the screws that attached the fan to the case. I used them as spacers to get the fan up further above the case frame. It is now quieter and the sound is in line with the other Cooler Master fans. I'll put the rating up to OK because it sounds OK now but it was a lot of work getting it to be OK in my system."
R20P5TB0GO4JIA	Eddie	3	"This fan looks good, comes with nice mounting and power accessories, and moves a lot of air quietly.<br /><br />That is until you mount it and it starts whining. I found this fan to be more annoying than a old school delta black label fan. Out in the open it is quiet but as soon as it is up near the case vents it starts making a really annoying noise.<br /><br />I have a Cooler Master HAF X case. I removed the dust filter mesh from the top and sides of the case. I tried using the spacers that came with the fan and also tried using other spacers to increase the gap. Increasing the gap just changed the noise and did not make it go away.<br /><br />It made noise mounted in the door. It made noise mounted in the top. When in the top it rubbed on the support bar. I had to use other spacers there too to get it up high enough to not rub on the bar.<br /><br />None of the Cooler Master fans had these problems. I think it is because the blades are so close to being the same as the frame thickness on this fan.<br /><br />Follow-up: I really didn't like this fan at first and gave it 2 stars. I ended up finding some nuts that fit the screws that attached the fan to the case. I used them as spacers to get the fan up further above the case frame. It is now quieter and the sound is in line with the other Cooler Master fans. I'll put the rating up to OK because it sounds OK now but it was a lot of work getting it to be OK in my system."
R20R9C1GYFYQLS	547	4	"My original battery lasted nearly 5 years. I was torn between replacing with an Apple OEM battery and an aftermarket battery. Really though, I chose this one because the reviews at Apple are not any different then the reviews here. Some people have great luck with their battery, some do not. So why take the chance that it won't be a great battery for the full price Apple charges? This battery is slightly smaller then my old battery, and is glossy. My black macbook is not glossy, so it does look significantly different. But since I don't operate the computer upside down, it doesn't matter to me. Also, because it is slightly smaller it has a very small ridge around the case where the battery goes. All in all, for the money I got what I wanted. Its not perfect which is why its not 5 stars. I will update with any issues I have in terms of the battery's life.<br /><br />UPDATE: The battery has 58 cycles on it, is at 85% health and bleeds juice a lot faster then my OEM battery. Overall its good, not great. I dropped it another star because it won't hold the charge."
R20R9C1GYFYQLS	Eddie	4	"My original battery lasted nearly 5 years. I was torn between replacing with an Apple OEM battery and an aftermarket battery. Really though, I chose this one because the reviews at Apple are not any different then the reviews here. Some people have great luck with their battery, some do not. So why take the chance that it won't be a great battery for the full price Apple charges? This battery is slightly smaller then my old battery, and is glossy. My black macbook is not glossy, so it does look significantly different. But since I don't operate the computer upside down, it doesn't matter to me. Also, because it is slightly smaller it has a very small ridge around the case where the battery goes. All in all, for the money I got what I wanted. Its not perfect which is why its not 5 stars. I will update with any issues I have in terms of the battery's life.<br /><br />UPDATE: The battery has 58 cycles on it, is at 85% health and bleeds juice a lot faster then my OEM battery. Overall its good, not great. I dropped it another star because it won't hold the charge."
R20SRJE4B1BJOE	547	1	"Product shipped fast. Card looks legit, but after doing a few test I am very suspicious. Card reads at 8-9mbps access speed with a size of 14.90gigs of storage.  I have noticed some issues with pictures not being stored properly with a camera app that requires a Class 10 card.<br /><br />If you need a cheap card that you don't need to trust with wedding photos or catching bigfoot on camera this card will work for you."
R20SRJE4B1BJOE	Eddie	1	"Product shipped fast. Card looks legit, but after doing a few test I am very suspicious. Card reads at 8-9mbps access speed with a size of 14.90gigs of storage.  I have noticed some issues with pictures not being stored properly with a camera app that requires a Class 10 card.<br /><br />If you need a cheap card that you don't need to trust with wedding photos or catching bigfoot on camera this card will work for you."
R21E4Q398AF3R8	547	3	"I'm not going to go through the trouble of returning it, but in retrospect I would not have purchased this product. The pad is quiet, but that's only because the fan is so weak. My laptop runs pretty hot and it blows air out of the top left corner, so that's where it heats up the most. The pad doesn't do a great job of effecting that area unless I shift the laptop to one side of the pad, which is just awkward.<br /><br />I haven't seen a cooling pad that seems much different from this one in terms of build and where the fan is directed, but I'm definitely going to upgrade once I do find one."
R21E4Q398AF3R8	Eddie	2	"I'm not going to go through the trouble of returning it, but in retrospect I would not have purchased this product. The pad is quiet, but that's only because the fan is so weak. My laptop runs pretty hot and it blows air out of the top left corner, so that's where it heats up the most. The pad doesn't do a great job of effecting that area unless I shift the laptop to one side of the pad, which is just awkward.<br /><br />I haven't seen a cooling pad that seems much different from this one in terms of build and where the fan is directed, but I'm definitely going to upgrade once I do find one."
R21I8BTAV4UQS2	547	1	"This sleeve is too long for the \\""WD My Passport Essential SE\\"" 1TB, as I suspected, rather it is compatible with the WD My Passport Essential, which is somewhat longer in dimension. I  looked around for a sleeve for the \\""SE\\"" and have not found one yet, took a chance on this one, to no avail."
R21I8BTAV4UQS2	Eddie	1	"This sleeve is too long for the \\""WD My Passport Essential SE\\"" 1TB, as I suspected, rather it is compatible with the WD My Passport Essential, which is somewhat longer in dimension. I  looked around for a sleeve for the \\""SE\\"" and have not found one yet, took a chance on this one, to no avail."
R21NO7CCUHNY5K	547	2	"I ordered this before my vacation to read at the beach. Under an umbrella in the shade its okay,  but in the sun, you still can't see anything except your reflection. I still like it because it protect the screen and I don't have annoying fingerprints all over but I really wanted something for the glare."
R21NO7CCUHNY5K	Eddie	2	"I ordered this before my vacation to read at the beach. Under an umbrella in the shade its okay,  but in the sun, you still can't see anything except your reflection. I still like it because it protect the screen and I don't have annoying fingerprints all over but I really wanted something for the glare."
R229WTWENQPPPC	547	4	"The magnets to hold down the flap that keeps the iPad in are not strong enough. Velcro probably would have been a more reliable choice. The iPad slumps down a bit in the pouch when it is standing. The pouch needs to be a bit more snug.<br /><br />The &#34;hinge&#34; part of the pouch is a tiny bit too long, or not stiff enough. This makes the open and standing up &#34;mode&#34; not as stable as I would like.<br /><br />The &#34;kickstand&#34; is not big enough and it has no way to make is stay open. This means it keeps closing every time you pick it up. It's kept from opening too far by a couple of small straps. These are also not adjustable so the incline is fixed. Fine if that's the incline you like. But one incline is not good for all situations.<br /><br />The keyboard paired correctly, first try. The space bar on mine needs a little extra down force to get a space. The hot keys to get back to the home screen and copy, cut, paste are handy. Otherwise the keyboard is working fine, no complaints. I do like the fact that is has buttons and is not the silicon membrane type of keyboard. Good choice on that one.<br /><br />I'm not seeing a lot of good options for my new generation iPad right now, so I will use this when I need the keyboard until something hopefully a lot better comes along."
R229WTWENQPPPC	Eddie	4	"The magnets to hold down the flap that keeps the iPad in are not strong enough. Velcro probably would have been a more reliable choice. The iPad slumps down a bit in the pouch when it is standing. The pouch needs to be a bit more snug.<br /><br />The &#34;hinge&#34; part of the pouch is a tiny bit too long, or not stiff enough. This makes the open and standing up &#34;mode&#34; not as stable as I would like.<br /><br />The &#34;kickstand&#34; is not big enough and it has no way to make is stay open. This means it keeps closing every time you pick it up. It's kept from opening too far by a couple of small straps. These are also not adjustable so the incline is fixed. Fine if that's the incline you like. But one incline is not good for all situations.<br /><br />The keyboard paired correctly, first try. The space bar on mine needs a little extra down force to get a space. The hot keys to get back to the home screen and copy, cut, paste are handy. Otherwise the keyboard is working fine, no complaints. I do like the fact that is has buttons and is not the silicon membrane type of keyboard. Good choice on that one.<br /><br />I'm not seeing a lot of good options for my new generation iPad right now, so I will use this when I need the keyboard until something hopefully a lot better comes along."
R22GU1GIFXZU9F	547	3	"I had just finished setting up my mediaPC and was ready to try out this wireless keyboard. Setup was a breeze (plug and play) and it worked great while standing next to the PC. Now my situation may be different since my mediaPC is tucked away in a closet next to the media room. So with that in mind, I can still use the keyboard in the media room within about 10' of the closet but anywhere beyond that distance and it becomes a paperweight. I may try getting a USB extension cable to move the RF unit closer. Also don't expect to be able to type 50+ words per minute on this thing. It's just not quick enough to keep up even if the signal quality is excellent. Therefore I give this a 3 out of 5 since it does it's job - just not well enough for my situation."
R22GU1GIFXZU9F	Eddie	3	"I had just finished setting up my mediaPC and was ready to try out this wireless keyboard. Setup was a breeze (plug and play) and it worked great while standing next to the PC. Now my situation may be different since my mediaPC is tucked away in a closet next to the media room. So with that in mind, I can still use the keyboard in the media room within about 10' of the closet but anywhere beyond that distance and it becomes a paperweight. I may try getting a USB extension cable to move the RF unit closer. Also don't expect to be able to type 50+ words per minute on this thing. It's just not quick enough to keep up even if the signal quality is excellent. Therefore I give this a 3 out of 5 since it does it's job - just not well enough for my situation."
R22VCNWLPH2S7G	547	2	"I bought this product just to extend the wireless range in my big house. Almost every N router that is available in the market does not give me more than 2 bars in my laptop at the farthest end of my house (i.e. my bedroom). So I decided to buy this router to act as a wireless access point to my original router and give a strong signal at the farthest ends. And it fulfills its purpose well. But installation is a pain if you are making it a wireless repeater. After setting it as a repeater, configured it to connect to my original wireless network and you're good to go. Also at times, the connection speed might drop but its just temporary as it will be back to normal soon. I can never think of using this as my only router, but a good extender to my original network."
R22VCNWLPH2S7G	Eddie	2	"I bought this product just to extend the wireless range in my big house. Almost every N router that is available in the market does not give me more than 2 bars in my laptop at the farthest end of my house (i.e. my bedroom). So I decided to buy this router to act as a wireless access point to my original router and give a strong signal at the farthest ends. And it fulfills its purpose well. But installation is a pain if you are making it a wireless repeater. After setting it as a repeater, configured it to connect to my original wireless network and you're good to go. Also at times, the connection speed might drop but its just temporary as it will be back to normal soon. I can never think of using this as my only router, but a good extender to my original network."
R2339JHCIHUGQE	547	0	I will use it for something. I only gave 3 stars. I am sure it should have given 5 stars for what it was made for.
R2339JHCIHUGQE	Eddie	0	I will use it for something. I only gave 3 stars. I am sure it should have given 5 stars for what it was made for.
R23SLQH5Q81NK5	547	2	"It's annoying that this datalink doesn't have software that saves your connection. I have to put in the password each time I restart my computer. Also, sometimes it randomly won't connect."
R23SLQH5Q81NK5	Eddie	2	"It's annoying that this datalink doesn't have software that saves your connection. I have to put in the password each time I restart my computer. Also, sometimes it randomly won't connect."
R24296LCKCSANR	547	4	"Is this stand worth it for you?  Maybe.<br /><br />I purchased this primarily for use with a 7&#34; tablet (Tegra Note), and it's sort of an awkward fit.  In landscape mode, the back support has to be really low to hold it up, to the point I can't get it at a very good angle.  In portrait mode, my tablet barely stands on the &#34;legs&#34; of the unit.  It's workable, and it can technically support my Galaxy S4 phone, but not well.  I'm betting this would be better for larger tablets, like the iPad or any 9-10&#34; tablet, but I'm not sure it's really good for smaller tablets.  It's okay, but more of a balancing act.<br /><br />The other major negative factor is a lack of buttons.  There are no on-unit controls, which I'm guessing is done because it's designed to have the tablet right there, and if the stand was more stable on my Tegra, I might not even mind the lack of buttons.  As it is, poking at my screen worries me.<br /><br />So that's the bad, but there's still a bunch of good.  The speakers are loud and the audio stays pretty clear even at max volume, you do get stereo sound (though the distance between the speakers limits the effect of the stereo), and the battery lasts a good long time.  This may be the best \battery life I've seen on a portable speaker.  The tradeoff there is bulk.  Since this is designed to be a hybrid stand/speaker system, it's larger and somewhat more awkwardly shaped than other speakers.  It loses some portability in this trade-off.<br /><br />Pairing is easy, though I could not get NFC to work.<br /><br />I would recommend this to people with a larger device who are going to use both functions.  The recommendation becomes shakier if you've got a smaller device or you don't really need a stand.  At the current price point, I'm not sure there are a lot of truly better speakers in terms of volume, clarity and battery life (all three, I could likely pick out better on any individual point), all serious positives in my book, but the lackof buttons (or stability for smaller tablets) and size of the folded unit should be considered by anyone purchasing this product.<br /><br />Still, having purchased it, it's become my go-to speaker if I want to play music without headphones, and I use it to listen to the occasional audiobook.  It's not an awful setup, but there is room for improvement."
R24296LCKCSANR	Eddie	4	"Is this stand worth it for you?  Maybe.<br /><br />I purchased this primarily for use with a 7&#34; tablet (Tegra Note), and it's sort of an awkward fit.  In landscape mode, the back support has to be really low to hold it up, to the point I can't get it at a very good angle.  In portrait mode, my tablet barely stands on the &#34;legs&#34; of the unit.  It's workable, and it can technically support my Galaxy S4 phone, but not well.  I'm betting this would be better for larger tablets, like the iPad or any 9-10&#34; tablet, but I'm not sure it's really good for smaller tablets.  It's okay, but more of a balancing act.<br /><br />The other major negative factor is a lack of buttons.  There are no on-unit controls, which I'm guessing is done because it's designed to have the tablet right there, and if the stand was more stable on my Tegra, I might not even mind the lack of buttons.  As it is, poking at my screen worries me.<br /><br />So that's the bad, but there's still a bunch of good.  The speakers are loud and the audio stays pretty clear even at max volume, you do get stereo sound (though the distance between the speakers limits the effect of the stereo), and the battery lasts a good long time.  This may be the best \battery life I've seen on a portable speaker.  The tradeoff there is bulk.  Since this is designed to be a hybrid stand/speaker system, it's larger and somewhat more awkwardly shaped than other speakers.  It loses some portability in this trade-off.<br /><br />Pairing is easy, though I could not get NFC to work.<br /><br />I would recommend this to people with a larger device who are going to use both functions.  The recommendation becomes shakier if you've got a smaller device or you don't really need a stand.  At the current price point, I'm not sure there are a lot of truly better speakers in terms of volume, clarity and battery life (all three, I could likely pick out better on any individual point), all serious positives in my book, but the lackof buttons (or stability for smaller tablets) and size of the folded unit should be considered by anyone purchasing this product.<br /><br />Still, having purchased it, it's become my go-to speaker if I want to play music without headphones, and I use it to listen to the occasional audiobook.  It's not an awful setup, but there is room for improvement."
R24EXAE7DM9RV5	547	3	"8/4/14<br />I bought this for my Yoga 2 Pro.<br />Pros<br /><br />It is easy to apply and the whole process took me around 20 minutes. If you do not get it perfectly on the first time you can try again. The hardest piece to get on is the keyboard piece. I really like the feel of it and the edges do not seem to dog ear and peal off.<br /><br />Cons<br />It seems to have many redundant pieces. I did not put the piece for the actual laptop screen on. I think that piece looks ugly, but that is personal preference. The bottom and back piece seem to peel where the laptop hinges are. I put a little piece of tape along the edge and it works fine. I would really like it that didnt happen for ascetic reasons, but i can live with it."
R24EXAE7DM9RV5	Eddie	2	"8/4/14<br />I bought this for my Yoga 2 Pro.<br />Pros<br /><br />It is easy to apply and the whole process took me around 20 minutes. If you do not get it perfectly on the first time you can try again. The hardest piece to get on is the keyboard piece. I really like the feel of it and the edges do not seem to dog ear and peal off.<br /><br />Cons<br />It seems to have many redundant pieces. I did not put the piece for the actual laptop screen on. I think that piece looks ugly, but that is personal preference. The bottom and back piece seem to peel where the laptop hinges are. I put a little piece of tape along the edge and it works fine. I would really like it that didnt happen for ascetic reasons, but i can live with it."
R25EE158QXHPJK	547	4	"After using these for a few months, this is what I've encountered.<br /><br />PROS: Wireless!<br />Simi-OK battery life, I find 4-5 hours seems to be the charge it's holding now, It was around 8+ when I first bought it.<br />Microphone Clarity is nice.<br />Charger is same as my cell phone.<br /><br />CONS:<br />Good Luck getting it to do 7.1 - at best it sound like a 5.1 system. Required Corsair Dolby software that really isn't that great. I had a turtle beach 7.1 and it sounds way more clear.. You hear foot steps ect more prominently  when  someone is trying to come up from behind, this headset defiantly is NOT 7.1<br />Sometimes the power button doesn't sync the head set when using ventrillo, you have to turn it off then on then off then on and then you can hear people.<br /><br />CONCLUSION: I would not recommend people buy this headset - the XBox wireless headset (Works on PC) or Logitech wireless headsets for the same price are a better option."
R25EE158QXHPJK	Eddie	4	"After using these for a few months, this is what I've encountered.<br /><br />PROS: Wireless!<br />Simi-OK battery life, I find 4-5 hours seems to be the charge it's holding now, It was around 8+ when I first bought it.<br />Microphone Clarity is nice.<br />Charger is same as my cell phone.<br /><br />CONS:<br />Good Luck getting it to do 7.1 - at best it sound like a 5.1 system. Required Corsair Dolby software that really isn't that great. I had a turtle beach 7.1 and it sounds way more clear.. You hear foot steps ect more prominently  when  someone is trying to come up from behind, this headset defiantly is NOT 7.1<br />Sometimes the power button doesn't sync the head set when using ventrillo, you have to turn it off then on then off then on and then you can hear people.<br /><br />CONCLUSION: I would not recommend people buy this headset - the XBox wireless headset (Works on PC) or Logitech wireless headsets for the same price are a better option."
R266381OEL1PL4	547	3	I purchased this battery for my 2.5 year old Dell Inspiron 1440.  The battery fit perfectly and was the same size as my old one.  When I purchased my laptop the battery had around 4 hours of charge in it.  This new battery lasts less than 2 (which is much better than the 30 minutes my old one was down to).  I don't know if the problem is the battery or my laptop being more bogged down by programs now.  Just don't expect this to fix everything but it will definitely make it much better than a dying old battery.
R266381OEL1PL4	Eddie	3	I purchased this battery for my 2.5 year old Dell Inspiron 1440.  The battery fit perfectly and was the same size as my old one.  When I purchased my laptop the battery had around 4 hours of charge in it.  This new battery lasts less than 2 (which is much better than the 30 minutes my old one was down to).  I don't know if the problem is the battery or my laptop being more bogged down by programs now.  Just don't expect this to fix everything but it will definitely make it much better than a dying old battery.
R2673VZ4T3ZSXA	547	2	"This is my second bluetooth keyboard I've gotten for my iPad and I really like it. It's small, light, compact, and types well. My only issue with it is that I just recently purchased it in December and the back button has already fallen off. I don't toss my keyboard around, if it's not on my desk then it's in my bag. There's no reason why it should have fallen off. I'm thinking of supergluing it back on, but I don't know if it will damage it even more. Suggestions would be welcomed!"
R2673VZ4T3ZSXA	Eddie	2	"This is my second bluetooth keyboard I've gotten for my iPad and I really like it. It's small, light, compact, and types well. My only issue with it is that I just recently purchased it in December and the back button has already fallen off. I don't toss my keyboard around, if it's not on my desk then it's in my bag. There's no reason why it should have fallen off. I'm thinking of supergluing it back on, but I don't know if it will damage it even more. Suggestions would be welcomed!"
R26OBS8DDK9RNZ	547	1	Having issues maintaining the wifi connection. Since there is no ethernet you must use wifi.. I am not that far from the router and cannot maintain a solid connection
R26OBS8DDK9RNZ	Eddie	1	Having issues maintaining the wifi connection. Since there is no ethernet you must use wifi.. I am not that far from the router and cannot maintain a solid connection
R26QPN90WE8CQG	547	2	"it is rather unstable when using it, i have had to reconnect it several times almost at every use, so i scores 3 stars primarily because of the looks, not the functionality :( If only i could be fitted with a usb wire, so it would be stable to use...."
R26QPN90WE8CQG	Eddie	2	"it is rather unstable when using it, i have had to reconnect it several times almost at every use, so i scores 3 stars primarily because of the looks, not the functionality :( If only i could be fitted with a usb wire, so it would be stable to use...."
R26UTHU1VQUSVU	547	2	I like the key board except for one flaw. This flaw alone drove me crazy and would never buy another one until this flaw is fixed.<br />The space key is so low and is activated only if you press it down enough. The front guard prevents you from pressing down enough unless you turn your thumb down and consciously press it thereby losing your rhythm in typing. I had to tape a couple of thick paper on the space bar to make it work.
R26UTHU1VQUSVU	Eddie	2	I like the key board except for one flaw. This flaw alone drove me crazy and would never buy another one until this flaw is fixed.<br />The space key is so low and is activated only if you press it down enough. The front guard prevents you from pressing down enough unless you turn your thumb down and consciously press it thereby losing your rhythm in typing. I had to tape a couple of thick paper on the space bar to make it work.
R2704YK6A4A502	547	2	"Functions fine with my Galaxy S5, fast access. The activity LED is a bit obnoxious, especially when viewing a stored video. Ended up taping over it to help subdue the glare."
R2704YK6A4A502	Eddie	2	"Functions fine with my Galaxy S5, fast access. The activity LED is a bit obnoxious, especially when viewing a stored video. Ended up taping over it to help subdue the glare."
R271IZ9YWXZUQO	547	4	"Initially considering a tablet PC, I instead chose this netbook for several reasons.  It's lighter than many 10&#34; tablets, has a 320gb hard drive compared to tablet storage limitations posed by microSD card technology.  A true keyboard (as opposed to the touchscreen or bluetooth keyboard for an additional expense) and the capability of using programs that I'm already familiar with completed the decision.  While tablets are the current tech rage, and while I do own a Nook Color, they have limitations that a full computer does not.<br /><br />Pros:  At about 1kg (2.2 lb) it's very light and easy to carry.  The hard drive can be replaced with a larger one should the need for more storage arise. The screen is easily viewed, with nice contrast and definition.  Processor speed and graphics acceleration are adequate for the requirements I place upon them (with one proviso).  Since this is a low-end netbook, I did not expect a gaming machine.  The keyboard, though compact, is easily adapted to (admittedly, my hands are on the small side for a man), and possesses a good keystroke and feel for touch-typing.  The Asus utilities are straightforward and intuitive.  The wifi is the most sensitive of all of my family's wifi devices (2 smartphones, a Nook and a Samsung laptop).  The touchpad, though a bit different from what I'm used to, is easy to adapt to and there were no hiccups in adding a wireless Logitech &#34;notebook&#34; mouse.  Audio quality...according to my 18 yr old audiophile twins, it's good quality when using earbuds. (Years of punk rock and other loud environments have left me with significant hearing loss, so I cannot give a first-order review on that).  The built-in speaker is sufficient that I can understand movie dialogue even with a moderate amount of home background noise, so should be more than adequate for people without hearing loss.<br /><br />Cons: Depending on your requirements and computer savvy, these could be deal-breakers.  First and foremost, the computer comes with Windows 7 Starter, the most basic version and its fixed 1gb RAM is not really adequate to the task.  At login, even with as many bells and whistles disabled as possible, the operating system requires 50-54% of the RAM, leaving 512mb or less available to run software.  This can be rapidly consumed by the browser or many other programs, at which point the OS starts swapping data from ram to disk and back (disk-swapping).  The slow HDD further compounds matters making this little netbook pretty sluggish in Windows.  My solution was to set up crunchbang Linux as a 2nd operating system and I use Windows now only for Netflix.  A Debian-based distribution, crunchbang uses about 102mb of RAM, leaving over 920mb free for programs, drastically reducing the need to swap between RAM and disk.<br /><br />The Intel GMA 3600 graphics co-processor is barely capable of handling Netflix and only then when HD is disabled (not an issue of concern with the 1024x600 display), when all is working well.  However, Intel has stated they will no longer be supporting this chip and there will be no Windows 8 driver released for it.  Both the Windows 7 driver and the Linux graphics module are buggy.  When displaying video (Netflix or watching an .avi or .mpg via video player), the entire computer freezes at irregular and fairly frequent intervals, necessitating unplugging the charger AND the battery to turn it off.  This freeze is accompanied by a loud buzzing sound from the speaker or earphones and it renders the power switch inoperative.  Bluray movies (via my desktop computer through the wifi and home network) are often unviewable as they overtax what appears to be the Intel graphics software (not the chip).<br /><br />That complaint is directed at Intel and not Asus and, lacking a TV at home, I cannot say whether the problems will carry over to viewing through the HDMI port.<br /><br />----<br />A 7200 rpm hard drive or, better yet, a solid state drive, would do much to speed things up in Windows 7, but I purchased this as an inexpensive, more versatile alternative to a tablet and don't plan on further expenditures.  Crunchbang's lighter footprint alleviates much of the problem, it's free (donations gratefully accepted), and less prone to crash than Win7 Starter.  This is not my first Asus product, nor is it likely to be my last, but it may well be the last Intel-based computer I purchase; I've dealt with similar issues from Intel in the past, particularly with laptops.  In contrast, my first AMD computer was put together in '87 and I've owned AMD computers extensively in the intervening 26 years, with virtually no such issues.<br /><br />Conclusion:  if your intended usage is mainly for more mundane tasks (word-processing, etc.) with sufficient power for web-surfing, Netflix and the occasional DVD via network or USB drive, this netbook is a decent choice, but has limitations.  If you have the interest in learning the installation, care and feeding of crunchbang or a similar Linux (not a difficult task), or have prior *nix experience, a dual-boot computer which allows you to select the OS to use at startup gives this machine some welcome boosts in performance."
R271IZ9YWXZUQO	Eddie	4	"Initially considering a tablet PC, I instead chose this netbook for several reasons.  It's lighter than many 10&#34; tablets, has a 320gb hard drive compared to tablet storage limitations posed by microSD card technology.  A true keyboard (as opposed to the touchscreen or bluetooth keyboard for an additional expense) and the capability of using programs that I'm already familiar with completed the decision.  While tablets are the current tech rage, and while I do own a Nook Color, they have limitations that a full computer does not.<br /><br />Pros:  At about 1kg (2.2 lb) it's very light and easy to carry.  The hard drive can be replaced with a larger one should the need for more storage arise. The screen is easily viewed, with nice contrast and definition.  Processor speed and graphics acceleration are adequate for the requirements I place upon them (with one proviso).  Since this is a low-end netbook, I did not expect a gaming machine.  The keyboard, though compact, is easily adapted to (admittedly, my hands are on the small side for a man), and possesses a good keystroke and feel for touch-typing.  The Asus utilities are straightforward and intuitive.  The wifi is the most sensitive of all of my family's wifi devices (2 smartphones, a Nook and a Samsung laptop).  The touchpad, though a bit different from what I'm used to, is easy to adapt to and there were no hiccups in adding a wireless Logitech &#34;notebook&#34; mouse.  Audio quality...according to my 18 yr old audiophile twins, it's good quality when using earbuds. (Years of punk rock and other loud environments have left me with significant hearing loss, so I cannot give a first-order review on that).  The built-in speaker is sufficient that I can understand movie dialogue even with a moderate amount of home background noise, so should be more than adequate for people without hearing loss.<br /><br />Cons: Depending on your requirements and computer savvy, these could be deal-breakers.  First and foremost, the computer comes with Windows 7 Starter, the most basic version and its fixed 1gb RAM is not really adequate to the task.  At login, even with as many bells and whistles disabled as possible, the operating system requires 50-54% of the RAM, leaving 512mb or less available to run software.  This can be rapidly consumed by the browser or many other programs, at which point the OS starts swapping data from ram to disk and back (disk-swapping).  The slow HDD further compounds matters making this little netbook pretty sluggish in Windows.  My solution was to set up crunchbang Linux as a 2nd operating system and I use Windows now only for Netflix.  A Debian-based distribution, crunchbang uses about 102mb of RAM, leaving over 920mb free for programs, drastically reducing the need to swap between RAM and disk.<br /><br />The Intel GMA 3600 graphics co-processor is barely capable of handling Netflix and only then when HD is disabled (not an issue of concern with the 1024x600 display), when all is working well.  However, Intel has stated they will no longer be supporting this chip and there will be no Windows 8 driver released for it.  Both the Windows 7 driver and the Linux graphics module are buggy.  When displaying video (Netflix or watching an .avi or .mpg via video player), the entire computer freezes at irregular and fairly frequent intervals, necessitating unplugging the charger AND the battery to turn it off.  This freeze is accompanied by a loud buzzing sound from the speaker or earphones and it renders the power switch inoperative.  Bluray movies (via my desktop computer through the wifi and home network) are often unviewable as they overtax what appears to be the Intel graphics software (not the chip).<br /><br />That complaint is directed at Intel and not Asus and, lacking a TV at home, I cannot say whether the problems will carry over to viewing through the HDMI port.<br /><br />----<br />A 7200 rpm hard drive or, better yet, a solid state drive, would do much to speed things up in Windows 7, but I purchased this as an inexpensive, more versatile alternative to a tablet and don't plan on further expenditures.  Crunchbang's lighter footprint alleviates much of the problem, it's free (donations gratefully accepted), and less prone to crash than Win7 Starter.  This is not my first Asus product, nor is it likely to be my last, but it may well be the last Intel-based computer I purchase; I've dealt with similar issues from Intel in the past, particularly with laptops.  In contrast, my first AMD computer was put together in '87 and I've owned AMD computers extensively in the intervening 26 years, with virtually no such issues.<br /><br />Conclusion:  if your intended usage is mainly for more mundane tasks (word-processing, etc.) with sufficient power for web-surfing, Netflix and the occasional DVD via network or USB drive, this netbook is a decent choice, but has limitations.  If you have the interest in learning the installation, care and feeding of crunchbang or a similar Linux (not a difficult task), or have prior *nix experience, a dual-boot computer which allows you to select the OS to use at startup gives this machine some welcome boosts in performance."
R276U7E5UBEFJN	547	3	"Ater using this case for a bit I have to lower it to 3 stars. I still think this case looks great and provide great protection. However the Problem with the button control is more than I anticipated. They are so hard to press down on  (power or volume control) my finger is sore because I have to press down so hard. I will no longer recommend this case until these issues are fixed by the manufacturer. I really think this case have potential but the difficulty of pressing down the buttons ruined it for me. Updated on 12/18/14  *********************************************  I have ordered 4 different cases for my Fire phone and so far and this one is my favorite. While not perfect, this case is very good for the price. I actually bought this while it was about 35% more expensive and was not prime at the time, for the existing price and prime eligible, I think this case is a steal. The things that were requirements for me for the perfect case, this case has most of them. The first thing that impresses me about this case is, it gives a premium feel to the phone, it looks much better than the stock pictures show. The overall design for me is five star. It was easy to put in, and the kick stand while a bit flimsy is very functional and snap in that back of the case. all the hole are cut well with more than enough room. I did not have to do any alteration on my case everything is perfect as far as fit and overall design.    The reason why I give this case only 4 stars are the buttons, they are a little bit hard to press, I am hoping with enough use that will remediate the problem.    Overall this case is great. It does not look cheap to me at all, it actually has the premium feel that I was looking for in a case and does not add too much bulk to the phone and by the way seems to provide enough protection which is really the number one reason to buy a phone case. In spite of the few flaws I very much recommend this case over any other case in this price range."
R276U7E5UBEFJN	Eddie	3	"Ater using this case for a bit I have to lower it to 3 stars. I still think this case looks great and provide great protection. However the Problem with the button control is more than I anticipated. They are so hard to press down on  (power or volume control) my finger is sore because I have to press down so hard. I will no longer recommend this case until these issues are fixed by the manufacturer. I really think this case have potential but the difficulty of pressing down the buttons ruined it for me. Updated on 12/18/14  *********************************************  I have ordered 4 different cases for my Fire phone and so far and this one is my favorite. While not perfect, this case is very good for the price. I actually bought this while it was about 35% more expensive and was not prime at the time, for the existing price and prime eligible, I think this case is a steal. The things that were requirements for me for the perfect case, this case has most of them. The first thing that impresses me about this case is, it gives a premium feel to the phone, it looks much better than the stock pictures show. The overall design for me is five star. It was easy to put in, and the kick stand while a bit flimsy is very functional and snap in that back of the case. all the hole are cut well with more than enough room. I did not have to do any alteration on my case everything is perfect as far as fit and overall design.    The reason why I give this case only 4 stars are the buttons, they are a little bit hard to press, I am hoping with enough use that will remediate the problem.    Overall this case is great. It does not look cheap to me at all, it actually has the premium feel that I was looking for in a case and does not add too much bulk to the phone and by the way seems to provide enough protection which is really the number one reason to buy a phone case. In spite of the few flaws I very much recommend this case over any other case in this price range."
R27HDF9B4MD5ZG	547	3	"It works great as a wireless access point as far as in home streaming and wireless signal, however the software is in a very beta state.  Home Automation features simply don't deliver (rule builder in beta firmware, can't edit rules, only add/delete, can't group things together, etc). Overall the product is sold based on what it \\""could be\\"" as opposed to what it is now.  Their support is definitely fantastic, but that's because the product doesn't deliver on what was promised.<br /><br />Make sure to browse the forums before purchasing.  The unit certainly does have a lot of potential, however, I am flat out surprised that this is being sold to consumers in its current state.<br /><br />The most disturbing thing to me about this product/company is that on their homepage they advertise it like it's a completed product.  For example if you check out their homepage, they have two (of the four) videos showcasing the A+ working with Phillips Hue products like it's at least one of the HA things that works (and are quite proud of showing it off during CES 2013).  If you check out the forums they have posts talking about the Phillips Hue not working on production models in August 2014 and as of latest firmware in February R070 and latest Android application, the bulbs show as \\""Not Supported.\\""  Of course \\""it's coming\\"" is always the response (4-5 months later) and their developers are still busy fixing major issues such as in the latest February firmware R070 is fixing things like \\""Garbled data on WAN port\\"" and \\""Wi-fi performance is still not optimized\\"" as a known bug.  Still can't edit a simple port forwarding rule in the main GUI without completely deleting and then re-adding it back.  It's all these little (or unsupported) things that are advertised as being consumer ready/polished that is misleading.<br /><br />I'm still giving it a 3 star rating because it's functional as a replacement router.  \\""It's OK\\"" is about right, and the hardware does seem to have a lot of potential, but it's far from being a very good (or non-beta) product.  It's definitely still a Kickstarter \\""project\\"" despite being funded for 2 years after the initial Kickstarter being funded.eing a very good (or non-beta) product.  It's definitely still a Kickstarter \\""project\\"" despite being funded for 2 years after the initial Kickstarter being funded."
R27HDF9B4MD5ZG	Eddie	3	"It works great as a wireless access point as far as in home streaming and wireless signal, however the software is in a very beta state.  Home Automation features simply don't deliver (rule builder in beta firmware, can't edit rules, only add/delete, can't group things together, etc). Overall the product is sold based on what it \\""could be\\"" as opposed to what it is now.  Their support is definitely fantastic, but that's because the product doesn't deliver on what was promised.<br /><br />Make sure to browse the forums before purchasing.  The unit certainly does have a lot of potential, however, I am flat out surprised that this is being sold to consumers in its current state.<br /><br />The most disturbing thing to me about this product/company is that on their homepage they advertise it like it's a completed product.  For example if you check out their homepage, they have two (of the four) videos showcasing the A+ working with Phillips Hue products like it's at least one of the HA things that works (and are quite proud of showing it off during CES 2013).  If you check out the forums they have posts talking about the Phillips Hue not working on production models in August 2014 and as of latest firmware in February R070 and latest Android application, the bulbs show as \\""Not Supported.\\""  Of course \\""it's coming\\"" is always the response (4-5 months later) and their developers are still busy fixing major issues such as in the latest February firmware R070 is fixing things like \\""Garbled data on WAN port\\"" and \\""Wi-fi performance is still not optimized\\"" as a known bug.  Still can't edit a simple port forwarding rule in the main GUI without completely deleting and then re-adding it back.  It's all these little (or unsupported) things that are advertised as being consumer ready/polished that is misleading.<br /><br />I'm still giving it a 3 star rating because it's functional as a replacement router.  \\""It's OK\\"" is about right, and the hardware does seem to have a lot of potential, but it's far from being a very good (or non-beta) product.  It's definitely still a Kickstarter \\""project\\"" despite being funded for 2 years after the initial Kickstarter being funded.eing a very good (or non-beta) product.  It's definitely still a Kickstarter \\""project\\"" despite being funded for 2 years after the initial Kickstarter being funded."
R27TNMMZ0ZF61H	547	2	given its not a bad computer for the price however I am upset by the fact that it does not come with Microsoft Office and I'll have to pay extra for that also only had the computer for a few months now and the keys are little and responses sometimes I have to use an unusual amount of pressure to get the keys to respond again I did not pay a great deal of money for this computer but at the same time I was expecting a certain minimum standard
R27TNMMZ0ZF61H	Eddie	2	given its not a bad computer for the price however I am upset by the fact that it does not come with Microsoft Office and I'll have to pay extra for that also only had the computer for a few months now and the keys are little and responses sometimes I have to use an unusual amount of pressure to get the keys to respond again I did not pay a great deal of money for this computer but at the same time I was expecting a certain minimum standard
R27V7AL26KWCCF	547	2	"I needed something inexpensive for carrying in my backpack at university to make VOIP calls and these worked.  They're flimsy so I always keep them in the box them came in. The speakers got a little screwed up in terms of volume in a couple of months, but they're still usable."
R27V7AL26KWCCF	Eddie	3	"I needed something inexpensive for carrying in my backpack at university to make VOIP calls and these worked.  They're flimsy so I always keep them in the box them came in. The speakers got a little screwed up in terms of volume in a couple of months, but they're still usable."
R281DGQNHLILY	547	3	"I bought 2 computers identical. They were Ok. Windows was not well installed and one of them had problems to &#34;wake up&#34; after it shuted down. I needed to call a Pc Doctor to re install everything on both machines. I'm not capable of doing it by myself.<br />One of the notebooks came with NO CD, just with a fake frame. I didn't realized when i was in the US (i live abroad) so now I can't do much.<br />The computers are ok, they worked, where delivered on time, but I would have prefered to received them well installed and with both CD reader.<br />Overall I would not recommend the seller to a friend. When I buy things I prefer not to worry about certain things...just use what i bought."
R281DGQNHLILY	Eddie	3	"I bought 2 computers identical. They were Ok. Windows was not well installed and one of them had problems to &#34;wake up&#34; after it shuted down. I needed to call a Pc Doctor to re install everything on both machines. I'm not capable of doing it by myself.<br />One of the notebooks came with NO CD, just with a fake frame. I didn't realized when i was in the US (i live abroad) so now I can't do much.<br />The computers are ok, they worked, where delivered on time, but I would have prefered to received them well installed and with both CD reader.<br />Overall I would not recommend the seller to a friend. When I buy things I prefer not to worry about certain things...just use what i bought."
R28FZG5NOM2RBC	547	3	"This seems like it would be a cool product. I don't think it would really protect it much, but it will turn your MacBook Air another color. Except I can't get the thing on. Yes, I ordered the right one. Yes, I even watched the tutorial video iPearl has on youtube. My fingers hurt from trying to wrestle the thing on. I'm also worried I'll damage my delicate MBA. If someone could install this for me, I might like it. Right now, it's pretty worthless. If anyone has any tips, I'd be happy to hear them.<br /><br />Also, some reviewers mentioned that it came with a keyboard cover. Mine did not.<br /><br />UPDATE: After 10 more minutes of wrestling with it, I decided to try sliding the top part on. It was difficult, took awhile, and I had to start over a couple of times because it slipped off, but I did get it on! If you are having trouble, try sliding it."
R28FZG5NOM2RBC	Eddie	3	"This seems like it would be a cool product. I don't think it would really protect it much, but it will turn your MacBook Air another color. Except I can't get the thing on. Yes, I ordered the right one. Yes, I even watched the tutorial video iPearl has on youtube. My fingers hurt from trying to wrestle the thing on. I'm also worried I'll damage my delicate MBA. If someone could install this for me, I might like it. Right now, it's pretty worthless. If anyone has any tips, I'd be happy to hear them.<br /><br />Also, some reviewers mentioned that it came with a keyboard cover. Mine did not.<br /><br />UPDATE: After 10 more minutes of wrestling with it, I decided to try sliding the top part on. It was difficult, took awhile, and I had to start over a couple of times because it slipped off, but I did get it on! If you are having trouble, try sliding it."
R28GH5726FIA9U	547	3	"This mouse was great. It looks great, the LED's have the perfect amount of brightness, etc. but like many people have already said, after a few months the left button starts to double click, which is a pain in the butt if you do work in Photoshop or when you drag windows around. I would save up a bit more money and buy a different mouse with a longer lifespan."
R28GH5726FIA9U	Eddie	3	"This mouse was great. It looks great, the LED's have the perfect amount of brightness, etc. but like many people have already said, after a few months the left button starts to double click, which is a pain in the butt if you do work in Photoshop or when you drag windows around. I would save up a bit more money and buy a different mouse with a longer lifespan."
R290ILIKC4XPQK	547	5	"I purchased these Dvorak keyboard stickers for my Sony Viao laptop. They are the correct configuration, so now I can easily look at the keyboard if I can't remember which key is which. That has been a problem for me with some of the keys I seldom use, specifically a few of the symbol keys such as =/+. So the stickers do what they are supposed to do. However, there are a couple of reasons why I am disappointed. One is that the stickers for the F/U and J/H keys do have a cut-out for the bump that lets me feel where to position my hands correctly, but placing the sticker so that the cut-out is in the right place meant the top of the sticker had to be trimmed away because it stuck out over the top edge of the keys. That's not that big of a deal, really, but the thickness of the stickers is such that I can't feel the bump on the key anymore regardless. That may be different on a different keyboard. But the main problem is that the stickers have a slick surface, and I just don't like the feel of my keyboard with the stickers on it. I much preferred the feel without the stickers. Also, my keys now have a shiny surface and have a glare in the light when I am using my laptop in bed. The glare is enough to obscure the lettering so that I can't read which key is which without tilting the keyboard this way and that. That's annoying. I wish that I had applied only the stickers for the special symbol keys that I needed and not bothered with the letter key stickers, since I know the letters by heart. Now, for someone just learning Dvorak on a standard keyboard, the stickers would be a great aid until you get to the point where you have memorized all the keys and are truly a touch typist. The stickers are certainly a very economical alternative to a Dvorak keyboard such as the Kinesis Advantage (which is fabulous, but rather expensive for a keyboard)."
R290ILIKC4XPQK	Eddie	5	"I purchased these Dvorak keyboard stickers for my Sony Viao laptop. They are the correct configuration, so now I can easily look at the keyboard if I can't remember which key is which. That has been a problem for me with some of the keys I seldom use, specifically a few of the symbol keys such as =/+. So the stickers do what they are supposed to do. However, there are a couple of reasons why I am disappointed. One is that the stickers for the F/U and J/H keys do have a cut-out for the bump that lets me feel where to position my hands correctly, but placing the sticker so that the cut-out is in the right place meant the top of the sticker had to be trimmed away because it stuck out over the top edge of the keys. That's not that big of a deal, really, but the thickness of the stickers is such that I can't feel the bump on the key anymore regardless. That may be different on a different keyboard. But the main problem is that the stickers have a slick surface, and I just don't like the feel of my keyboard with the stickers on it. I much preferred the feel without the stickers. Also, my keys now have a shiny surface and have a glare in the light when I am using my laptop in bed. The glare is enough to obscure the lettering so that I can't read which key is which without tilting the keyboard this way and that. That's annoying. I wish that I had applied only the stickers for the special symbol keys that I needed and not bothered with the letter key stickers, since I know the letters by heart. Now, for someone just learning Dvorak on a standard keyboard, the stickers would be a great aid until you get to the point where you have memorized all the keys and are truly a touch typist. The stickers are certainly a very economical alternative to a Dvorak keyboard such as the Kinesis Advantage (which is fabulous, but rather expensive for a keyboard)."
R294CTCUK957FC	547	1	"I recently received and installed these speakers.  Sound is OK but nothing great.  I really just needed them for work since my laptop is used in a docking station so you can't hear much from the speakers on it while it is docked.  I will say that I have a pair of Creative SBS 380 speakers (also 2.1 configuration) that sound MUCH better and only cost me $3 additional.  I wanted to get another pair of the Creative speakers but they are no longer being made apparently and Amazon did not have any of the lower priced Creative models that looked half decent.  In any event, I am fine with what I got.<br /><br />One negative - shipping time on these speakers was AMAZINGLY long!  I hate to complain too much because I used the free Super Saver method for shipment.  In the past, everything that I have ordered via this method on Amazon has shipped within about a week at the most.  It took these speakers almost 4 WEEKS from order date to ship.  I was not very happy about that but this is not Logitech's fault of course."
R294CTCUK957FC	Eddie	2	"I recently received and installed these speakers.  Sound is OK but nothing great.  I really just needed them for work since my laptop is used in a docking station so you can't hear much from the speakers on it while it is docked.  I will say that I have a pair of Creative SBS 380 speakers (also 2.1 configuration) that sound MUCH better and only cost me $3 additional.  I wanted to get another pair of the Creative speakers but they are no longer being made apparently and Amazon did not have any of the lower priced Creative models that looked half decent.  In any event, I am fine with what I got.<br /><br />One negative - shipping time on these speakers was AMAZINGLY long!  I hate to complain too much because I used the free Super Saver method for shipment.  In the past, everything that I have ordered via this method on Amazon has shipped within about a week at the most.  It took these speakers almost 4 WEEKS from order date to ship.  I was not very happy about that but this is not Logitech's fault of course."
R29SXF0KW8YULZ	547	2	"I was a bit disappointed by the cover... the color of the one I got in the mail is darker than the color in the picture. Also, the little hook things that hold the Kindle in place scratched my Kindle :( Overall I guess it protects it from drops, etc. I just wish it hadn't scratched it up!"
R29SXF0KW8YULZ	Eddie	2	"I was a bit disappointed by the cover... the color of the one I got in the mail is darker than the color in the picture. Also, the little hook things that hold the Kindle in place scratched my Kindle :( Overall I guess it protects it from drops, etc. I just wish it hadn't scratched it up!"
R29VYMB1ZNDEME	547	2	"This product is good but hardly worth the price.A lot of flex and made of very cheap plastic.If you are not careful removing the tablet from case per instructions it will tear the tablet case apart.Its so bad I would only let a adult do it and even then the middle grabs the tablet right where the halves of the tablet meet.Terrible design flaw in my opinion.Other then this and its huge it seem to be ok keyboard and blue tooth connection.update.added one star as child has used for few weeks now and its still going.the above mentioned issue is still a big issue but figure most people wont be removing the tablet from case and if you do,do it carefully and be sure to lift middle edge of case off tablet at top and sides,instructions say only lift at side edges.this is when it grabs tablet at seem."
R29VYMB1ZNDEME	Eddie	2	"This product is good but hardly worth the price.A lot of flex and made of very cheap plastic.If you are not careful removing the tablet from case per instructions it will tear the tablet case apart.Its so bad I would only let a adult do it and even then the middle grabs the tablet right where the halves of the tablet meet.Terrible design flaw in my opinion.Other then this and its huge it seem to be ok keyboard and blue tooth connection.update.added one star as child has used for few weeks now and its still going.the above mentioned issue is still a big issue but figure most people wont be removing the tablet from case and if you do,do it carefully and be sure to lift middle edge of case off tablet at top and sides,instructions say only lift at side edges.this is when it grabs tablet at seem."
R29X2JGFAXS0J8	547	3	"For what it's worth, I suppose it was okay but I was honestly expecting something much better. The handles are on the inside so it doesn't zip all the way. The artwork on it looks like a paper that was being printed on low ink. You can see some lines and the details aren't that great."
R29X2JGFAXS0J8	Eddie	3	"For what it's worth, I suppose it was okay but I was honestly expecting something much better. The handles are on the inside so it doesn't zip all the way. The artwork on it looks like a paper that was being printed on low ink. You can see some lines and the details aren't that great."
R2A46OLP7R1T7	547	1	"After following the recommended hinge method, the protector shifted down slightly anyway giving me air bubbles and difficulty pushing the main menu button. Will try again with the second protector in the package but wouldn't buy again if this doesn't work."
R2A46OLP7R1T7	Eddie	1	"After following the recommended hinge method, the protector shifted down slightly anyway giving me air bubbles and difficulty pushing the main menu button. Will try again with the second protector in the package but wouldn't buy again if this doesn't work."
R2AAQLB1ZHRA55	547	2	"This wireless receiver gets the job done, but its reliance is debatable. I have had to go through the process of trying to connect my controller to the receiver multiple times before I could actually get it to work. I was expecting a receiver that, once set up, works each time that I want to connect my controller. This, unfortunately, is not the case with this receiver. As I said, it does work, but do not count on it working immediately every time you want to play a game on your PC/Mac."
R2AAQLB1ZHRA55	Eddie	2	"This wireless receiver gets the job done, but its reliance is debatable. I have had to go through the process of trying to connect my controller to the receiver multiple times before I could actually get it to work. I was expecting a receiver that, once set up, works each time that I want to connect my controller. This, unfortunately, is not the case with this receiver. As I said, it does work, but do not count on it working immediately every time you want to play a game on your PC/Mac."
R2AJSDV6CT19HG	547	3	"I like the portability and the ink is decent on the eyes.  Another thing I like is that when I purchase a book, I have it immediately and without a shipping charge.  There are a couple of things I don't like.  I still have difficulty getting it to connect to my hidden wireless network.  Tech support spent a good deal of time with me trying to make this work, but most of the time I still have to broadcast my network in order for the Kindle to connect.  My wife has a Nook and it doesn't have this problem.  I didn't like the fact that the Kindle was advertised at $69, but then I found that this price is good only if I wanted advertising, so I I ended up spending more.  I felt that this was deceptive and it should have been advertised at the actual price without the advertising.  I did not like that a power adapter and a cover cost another $20 for each.  In total, that's almost half again as much as the Kindle costs.  I felt that those should be included in the price.  Although I did have to buy a cover for my wife's Nook, it came with a power adapter and no advertising.  Also, I bought the Kindle because there are some trading books that are only available on the Kindle.  However, when these books have graphs, the detail is difficult to see on the Kindle, especially for someone my age.  For text reading, it is okay.  I'm still inclined to buy fiction novels in hard copy though.  Maybe I'll try a novel on the Kindle to see if I can get used to it.  Basically though, it does what it is advertised to do."
R2AJSDV6CT19HG	Eddie	3	"I like the portability and the ink is decent on the eyes.  Another thing I like is that when I purchase a book, I have it immediately and without a shipping charge.  There are a couple of things I don't like.  I still have difficulty getting it to connect to my hidden wireless network.  Tech support spent a good deal of time with me trying to make this work, but most of the time I still have to broadcast my network in order for the Kindle to connect.  My wife has a Nook and it doesn't have this problem.  I didn't like the fact that the Kindle was advertised at $69, but then I found that this price is good only if I wanted advertising, so I I ended up spending more.  I felt that this was deceptive and it should have been advertised at the actual price without the advertising.  I did not like that a power adapter and a cover cost another $20 for each.  In total, that's almost half again as much as the Kindle costs.  I felt that those should be included in the price.  Although I did have to buy a cover for my wife's Nook, it came with a power adapter and no advertising.  Also, I bought the Kindle because there are some trading books that are only available on the Kindle.  However, when these books have graphs, the detail is difficult to see on the Kindle, especially for someone my age.  For text reading, it is okay.  I'm still inclined to buy fiction novels in hard copy though.  Maybe I'll try a novel on the Kindle to see if I can get used to it.  Basically though, it does what it is advertised to do."
R2AVNTM43QCTH	547	1	"***WARNING***  There is a problem with this specific product redirecting users from Facebook to Myspace.  It may be an attempt to steal user's information, or it could be a non-threatening \\""bug\\"" with the system's software.  You can search \\""WRT160N Facebook Myspace\\"" for more information on this issue.  (This sounds like a weird glitch, but unfortunately it is not a joke.)    An update to the firmware may solve the product.  If you are comfortable updating the firmware, then buy this product.  Otherwise, avoid at all cost.    The pros: Cheap price (I got it with free shipping, came to roughly $30 total), runs fast, sleek design.    The cons: Again, the firmware upgrade is absolutely necessary.    Who is this for?  If you are comfortable upgrading your firmware, this is for you."
R2AVNTM43QCTH	Eddie	2	"***WARNING***  There is a problem with this specific product redirecting users from Facebook to Myspace.  It may be an attempt to steal user's information, or it could be a non-threatening \\""bug\\"" with the system's software.  You can search \\""WRT160N Facebook Myspace\\"" for more information on this issue.  (This sounds like a weird glitch, but unfortunately it is not a joke.)    An update to the firmware may solve the product.  If you are comfortable updating the firmware, then buy this product.  Otherwise, avoid at all cost.    The pros: Cheap price (I got it with free shipping, came to roughly $30 total), runs fast, sleek design.    The cons: Again, the firmware upgrade is absolutely necessary.    Who is this for?  If you are comfortable upgrading your firmware, this is for you."
R2BNLJ6D88AWC1	547	1	"It's my fault for not checking compatability.  After installing and being unable to boot, I called tech support.  They said that their High Density RAM is not compatable with my motherborad.  I should have purchased low density RAM.  Grrrr.  I didn't know that density was a thing to check for.  Tech support was good.  They answered on the first ring."
R2BNLJ6D88AWC1	Eddie	2	"It's my fault for not checking compatability.  After installing and being unable to boot, I called tech support.  They said that their High Density RAM is not compatable with my motherborad.  I should have purchased low density RAM.  Grrrr.  I didn't know that density was a thing to check for.  Tech support was good.  They answered on the first ring."
R2CULM8J3VM39M	547	3	"The fan doesn't spin too fast and as a result gives a nice gentle cooling. If you own a 17&#34; like I do, skip this. This is solely for 16&#34; and below. The laptop will not stay on. I do appreciate the LED lights because the brightness is according to fan speed.<br />One thing I don't like is how cheap it feels. It looks and feels like it could break at any minute. The instructions are only in Chinese (says a lot about the quality) but it's simple to use. Overall, for a 14&#34; cooler it does its job."
R2CULM8J3VM39M	Eddie	3	"The fan doesn't spin too fast and as a result gives a nice gentle cooling. If you own a 17&#34; like I do, skip this. This is solely for 16&#34; and below. The laptop will not stay on. I do appreciate the LED lights because the brightness is according to fan speed.<br />One thing I don't like is how cheap it feels. It looks and feels like it could break at any minute. The instructions are only in Chinese (says a lot about the quality) but it's simple to use. Overall, for a 14&#34; cooler it does its job."
R2D280W9VDHEPS	547	3	"This is a very good leather holder.  However, the prop in the back is so stiff it will bend your fingernails back just pulling it to slide the prop in.  Also, there should have been an elastic band to keep it shut.  The magnetic closure is good, but it would have been better to be more secure.  If I could shop around again, I might have gotten a different holder."
R2D280W9VDHEPS	Eddie	3	"This is a very good leather holder.  However, the prop in the back is so stiff it will bend your fingernails back just pulling it to slide the prop in.  Also, there should have been an elastic band to keep it shut.  The magnetic closure is good, but it would have been better to be more secure.  If I could shop around again, I might have gotten a different holder."
R2D8XWKJOBFJ6L	547	3	"I got this as an external keyboard for my Macbook.  I am a fast touch typist.  I tested it last night for the shift-key stickiness people have been complaining about.  Definitely no longer an issue, at least with the keyboard I received.  However, there is a peculiar lag when typing that I have never noticed with other external keyboards, e.g., Kinesis.  Is it hugely noticeable?  Well, I guess it depends on whether you pay close attention to screen as you're typing.  If you type quickly and watch, it's obvious.  It does bother me but I haven't decided how much; I suspect it will drive me crazy when programming but I've only used it for text editing so far.  Oddly, my older and larger external Thinkpad Keyboard with the numeric keypad doesn't have this problem but that's too big to carry around.<br /><br />The real problem is there is no Lenovo driver to control TrackPoint speed and sensitivity for Macs.  Its speed is directly linked to mouse speed in the preferences panel.  This is a shame, as the TrackPoint experience is not remotely as elegant as it is on a Thinkpad.  But, it does work albeit somewhat stiffly.<br /><br />So, bottom line: The physical typing experience is much nicer than using the native Mac chicklets.  (Mac keyboards are tolerable but I use external Kinesis keyboards at home and at the office; I type enough that I want a \\""real\\"" keyboard.)  I'll likely keep this but I'm not sure if I'll travel with it."
R2D8XWKJOBFJ6L	Eddie	3	"I got this as an external keyboard for my Macbook.  I am a fast touch typist.  I tested it last night for the shift-key stickiness people have been complaining about.  Definitely no longer an issue, at least with the keyboard I received.  However, there is a peculiar lag when typing that I have never noticed with other external keyboards, e.g., Kinesis.  Is it hugely noticeable?  Well, I guess it depends on whether you pay close attention to screen as you're typing.  If you type quickly and watch, it's obvious.  It does bother me but I haven't decided how much; I suspect it will drive me crazy when programming but I've only used it for text editing so far.  Oddly, my older and larger external Thinkpad Keyboard with the numeric keypad doesn't have this problem but that's too big to carry around.<br /><br />The real problem is there is no Lenovo driver to control TrackPoint speed and sensitivity for Macs.  Its speed is directly linked to mouse speed in the preferences panel.  This is a shame, as the TrackPoint experience is not remotely as elegant as it is on a Thinkpad.  But, it does work albeit somewhat stiffly.<br /><br />So, bottom line: The physical typing experience is much nicer than using the native Mac chicklets.  (Mac keyboards are tolerable but I use external Kinesis keyboards at home and at the office; I type enough that I want a \\""real\\"" keyboard.)  I'll likely keep this but I'm not sure if I'll travel with it."
R2DQGC4G1BI99N	547	3	"Well...I just upgraded from an ASUS m4a785td-m evo on which I was running an AMD 965 Phenomx4 Deneb Black edition and some mediocre ram.  Everything ran really stable and overclocked about 12% easily.  I bought this board and put it in a new (bigger and better ventilated) case and moved everything over onto it.  Now everything runs a bit glitchy.  I upgraded the ram now and it's still running kinda funny.  Taking long pauses.  It really seems to have issues running League Of Legends for some reason.  The only thing I can blame this on is the board.  I dunno if when I get the money upgrading the cpu will help things but as of now I'm pretty disappointed.  I'm also not super keen on the way it overclocks... the Toverclocker program is kinda worthless and it doesn't run AMD's Overdrive very well... It is a bit easier to go in and manually do things in the BIOS, but that's just extra work. The board works, just not well."
R2DQGC4G1BI99N	Eddie	3	"Well...I just upgraded from an ASUS m4a785td-m evo on which I was running an AMD 965 Phenomx4 Deneb Black edition and some mediocre ram.  Everything ran really stable and overclocked about 12% easily.  I bought this board and put it in a new (bigger and better ventilated) case and moved everything over onto it.  Now everything runs a bit glitchy.  I upgraded the ram now and it's still running kinda funny.  Taking long pauses.  It really seems to have issues running League Of Legends for some reason.  The only thing I can blame this on is the board.  I dunno if when I get the money upgrading the cpu will help things but as of now I'm pretty disappointed.  I'm also not super keen on the way it overclocks... the Toverclocker program is kinda worthless and it doesn't run AMD's Overdrive very well... It is a bit easier to go in and manually do things in the BIOS, but that's just extra work. The board works, just not well."
R2DQMKYLF0BG0Q	547	3	"HARDWARE:first off this product really does improve your sound quality compared to most on-board sound chips, it is especially amazing when it comes to improving Headphone quality, I has made my Seinheiser HD 558 a  truly impressive experience, Additonally the EM shielding really does work, I cant comment on the mic as I haven't use it, nor can I say anything about the LED's as I tapped those over with electric tape.<br /><br />SOFTWARE: The sofware  control is very easy and intuitive to use, which is good as the default setting is rather harsh for music, you can adjust sound levels and it also comes with presettings that are actually fairly useful, you can of course make and save your own settings.<br /><br />So why the three stars ?,  like with most sound cards, it is the drivers. now I had no problems with installing them, but the problem is that they aren't really compatible with windows 8.1, and there are no drivers for the OS either. also there is no compatibility with linux (which I use) so the card is pretty much useless there. More damning is the fact that there is a major issue with Sound channel mixing, I am stuck to using only the two front speakers because the rest of my speakers sound output is mixed up, and it is well known but Soundblaster seems to refuse to fix this issue.<br /><br />due to  driver issues I cant really recommend this product which is a real shame as the sound blaster z really is a good product. My advice  go buy a quality amp or dac and save yourself from the  hassle of dealing with driver problems."
R2DQMKYLF0BG0Q	Eddie	3	"HARDWARE:first off this product really does improve your sound quality compared to most on-board sound chips, it is especially amazing when it comes to improving Headphone quality, I has made my Seinheiser HD 558 a  truly impressive experience, Additonally the EM shielding really does work, I cant comment on the mic as I haven't use it, nor can I say anything about the LED's as I tapped those over with electric tape.<br /><br />SOFTWARE: The sofware  control is very easy and intuitive to use, which is good as the default setting is rather harsh for music, you can adjust sound levels and it also comes with presettings that are actually fairly useful, you can of course make and save your own settings.<br /><br />So why the three stars ?,  like with most sound cards, it is the drivers. now I had no problems with installing them, but the problem is that they aren't really compatible with windows 8.1, and there are no drivers for the OS either. also there is no compatibility with linux (which I use) so the card is pretty much useless there. More damning is the fact that there is a major issue with Sound channel mixing, I am stuck to using only the two front speakers because the rest of my speakers sound output is mixed up, and it is well known but Soundblaster seems to refuse to fix this issue.<br /><br />due to  driver issues I cant really recommend this product which is a real shame as the sound blaster z really is a good product. My advice  go buy a quality amp or dac and save yourself from the  hassle of dealing with driver problems."
R2DS6W48LVQ9K	547	1	"Contrary to the photos on this website, It does not extend far enough to support Nexus 7 in portrait position."
R2DS6W48LVQ9K	Eddie	1	"Contrary to the photos on this website, It does not extend far enough to support Nexus 7 in portrait position."
R2DULV7YFGJJWC	547	2	Could have been better. The material is not that great. Regardless its a good case. Its a little big for my 13 inch so dont expect tight fitting.
R2DULV7YFGJJWC	Eddie	1	Could have been better. The material is not that great. Regardless its a good case. Its a little big for my 13 inch so dont expect tight fitting.
R2ECF7V6HD56VV	547	1	Windows 8 takes a lot of getting used to for an old dog like me and of course uysing prior equipment I do not have a touch screen
R2ECF7V6HD56VV	Eddie	1	Windows 8 takes a lot of getting used to for an old dog like me and of course uysing prior equipment I do not have a touch screen
R2EHJI8Y5U8Z3F	547	4	"I bought this to try on my iPad Air while I wait for Native Union to release the Gripster Wrap for iPad Air. The Gripster is by far the most flexible stand/grip/case I have ever seen for the earlier iPads and when I upgraded from my Ipad 3, I was really missing it. This Solo stand does hang over the sides of the iPad Air by a couple of millimeters, but it's not a problem. It offers a lot of flexibility in both landscape and portrait orientations, and is compatible with the Smart Cover. This is a bit stiff and hard to rotate and move for changing the positions, and it definitely does not look as good as the Gripster. It lacks some of the comfort and elegance of the Gripster so I will most likely still buy that when it comes out, but this will tide me over while I wait.  Total weight of iPad Air + Solo + Smart Cover is 23.3 oz. I'll add a photo of the stand attached to the iPad Air.<br /><br />Update 5/30/2014 - After a lot of driving last weekend, I decided to go ahead and order the Gripster Wrap now that it is out. This SOLO stand is just very uncomfortable when used as a grip. However, now that I want to remove the stand, I cannot find instructions on how to take it off. The link provided in the packaging leads to a 404 page, and my emails and tweets to the company have gone unanswered for two days. It makes me wonder what they are hiding by not providing removal instructions. I will get this stand off today one way or another and try not to damage my iPad in the process. I'm taking a star off this review for the company's lack of responsiveness."
R2EHJI8Y5U8Z3F	Eddie	4	"I bought this to try on my iPad Air while I wait for Native Union to release the Gripster Wrap for iPad Air. The Gripster is by far the most flexible stand/grip/case I have ever seen for the earlier iPads and when I upgraded from my Ipad 3, I was really missing it. This Solo stand does hang over the sides of the iPad Air by a couple of millimeters, but it's not a problem. It offers a lot of flexibility in both landscape and portrait orientations, and is compatible with the Smart Cover. This is a bit stiff and hard to rotate and move for changing the positions, and it definitely does not look as good as the Gripster. It lacks some of the comfort and elegance of the Gripster so I will most likely still buy that when it comes out, but this will tide me over while I wait.  Total weight of iPad Air + Solo + Smart Cover is 23.3 oz. I'll add a photo of the stand attached to the iPad Air.<br /><br />Update 5/30/2014 - After a lot of driving last weekend, I decided to go ahead and order the Gripster Wrap now that it is out. This SOLO stand is just very uncomfortable when used as a grip. However, now that I want to remove the stand, I cannot find instructions on how to take it off. The link provided in the packaging leads to a 404 page, and my emails and tweets to the company have gone unanswered for two days. It makes me wonder what they are hiding by not providing removal instructions. I will get this stand off today one way or another and try not to damage my iPad in the process. I'm taking a star off this review for the company's lack of responsiveness."
R2EHKG2OFQ4VVF	547	3	"I am a fan of Bose and these speakers didn't let me down.  These are small speakers, but they are solid, heavy great-sounding speakers.  Amazing bass, not just for their size and lack of a subwoofer. Amazing bass and great across the whole range. BTW, I'm not into thudding, overpowering dub bass.  I like solid tight bass that doesn't muddy the rest of the music.Tight is the best description here.<br /><br />UPDATE: Sad to say, these haven't withstood the test of time.  You see, all of the above is true, if you are 10 feet or more from the speakers when listening to music.  The sound fills the room and is great across the board. The problem is, in my case, as is common with computer speaker set-ups, I am not across the room from the speakers. They are located on the corners of the table where my computer is.  And up close, they sound muddy, bass-heavy and unbalanced. In fact, the sound reminds me of bootleg records from the 70's.  If you plan to place these at somewhat above head level and at least 5 feet from where you listen, then I still would say they are 5-star.  For most typical computer-based set-ups, they aren't worth the money and, in fact, offer no advantage of speakers in the $50 range."
R2EHKG2OFQ4VVF	Eddie	3	"I am a fan of Bose and these speakers didn't let me down.  These are small speakers, but they are solid, heavy great-sounding speakers.  Amazing bass, not just for their size and lack of a subwoofer. Amazing bass and great across the whole range. BTW, I'm not into thudding, overpowering dub bass.  I like solid tight bass that doesn't muddy the rest of the music.Tight is the best description here.<br /><br />UPDATE: Sad to say, these haven't withstood the test of time.  You see, all of the above is true, if you are 10 feet or more from the speakers when listening to music.  The sound fills the room and is great across the board. The problem is, in my case, as is common with computer speaker set-ups, I am not across the room from the speakers. They are located on the corners of the table where my computer is.  And up close, they sound muddy, bass-heavy and unbalanced. In fact, the sound reminds me of bootleg records from the 70's.  If you plan to place these at somewhat above head level and at least 5 feet from where you listen, then I still would say they are 5-star.  For most typical computer-based set-ups, they aren't worth the money and, in fact, offer no advantage of speakers in the $50 range."
R2F0310UC3UD5S	547	1	"This gizmo is sensitive to the surface it is on... much more than other optical mice I've used.  I notice it uses a blue laser... not the common red type... so I'm apt to attribute this weakness to the laser type.  It seems to work best on monochromatic or plain / dull surfaces.  On more reflective surfaces like marble tops and things like cloth tabletops with patterns, the Wedge just doesn't track well."
R2F0310UC3UD5S	Eddie	1	"This gizmo is sensitive to the surface it is on... much more than other optical mice I've used.  I notice it uses a blue laser... not the common red type... so I'm apt to attribute this weakness to the laser type.  It seems to work best on monochromatic or plain / dull surfaces.  On more reflective surfaces like marble tops and things like cloth tabletops with patterns, the Wedge just doesn't track well."
R2F2JK61JQT3IA	547	1	"I should have read this one more carefully.. I thought this was a silicon skin. Turns out i just paid 30 dollars for 2 stickers.  Can't believe I just did this.<br />I guess it still looks okay, the stickers are much darker than in the photo though."
R2F2JK61JQT3IA	Eddie	1	"I should have read this one more carefully.. I thought this was a silicon skin. Turns out i just paid 30 dollars for 2 stickers.  Can't believe I just did this.<br />I guess it still looks okay, the stickers are much darker than in the photo though."
R2FN1S69SU9AJV	547	1	"This battery has preformed good, but so far has not been fully charged. I am happy with this purchase.  Good value for the money."
R2FN1S69SU9AJV	Eddie	1	"This battery has preformed good, but so far has not been fully charged. I am happy with this purchase.  Good value for the money."
R2FULOHEO2G5W5	547	2	"The case provides protection for the tablet, and works as described. But there are shortcomings: rotary function is not good. Tablet cover comes off from the outer case very easily (held by a very loose button) and that means the tablet might not stay in the case. Also, the case is very thick and heavy, which makes the tablet holding a workout. Auto sleep/ wake function works fine, but the cover won't stay closed without the elastic. Overall, an okay product, but not the easiest to use."
R2FULOHEO2G5W5	Eddie	2	"The case provides protection for the tablet, and works as described. But there are shortcomings: rotary function is not good. Tablet cover comes off from the outer case very easily (held by a very loose button) and that means the tablet might not stay in the case. Also, the case is very thick and heavy, which makes the tablet holding a workout. Auto sleep/ wake function works fine, but the cover won't stay closed without the elastic. Overall, an okay product, but not the easiest to use."
R2FXAY6BV7KRTA	547	2	"I bought this particular card reader because of it 4:1 highly positive user rating ratio. I inserted a Sandisk SDHC 32 card into this Lightning 3 in 1 card reader, plugged it into my iPad air, waited for a few seconds while the device seemed to be reading the card, but was disappointed to get an error message: \\"" This iPad does not support this accessory.\\"" I wasn't surprised because I'd read this might happen, so I clicked okay and waited. After a few seconds, the \\""Accessory not supported\\""  message reappeared. I clicked okay again, and waited. In all, I tried this four times. Then I removed the card and reinserted it, but got the same error.<br /><br />I've already uploaded the files to my computer, so I know the card it okay. I've previously loaded a great many files to this iPad Air using the card reader I bought from Apple when I got the iPad Air, and have since misplaced. I mention this only because it lessens the likelihood of user-error. I don't know if the problem is that this Lightning 3 in 1 card reader doesn't like my particular brand of SD card, or if this particular device is just a lemon, or the problem is something else."
R2FXAY6BV7KRTA	Eddie	2	"I bought this particular card reader because of it 4:1 highly positive user rating ratio. I inserted a Sandisk SDHC 32 card into this Lightning 3 in 1 card reader, plugged it into my iPad air, waited for a few seconds while the device seemed to be reading the card, but was disappointed to get an error message: \\"" This iPad does not support this accessory.\\"" I wasn't surprised because I'd read this might happen, so I clicked okay and waited. After a few seconds, the \\""Accessory not supported\\""  message reappeared. I clicked okay again, and waited. In all, I tried this four times. Then I removed the card and reinserted it, but got the same error.<br /><br />I've already uploaded the files to my computer, so I know the card it okay. I've previously loaded a great many files to this iPad Air using the card reader I bought from Apple when I got the iPad Air, and have since misplaced. I mention this only because it lessens the likelihood of user-error. I don't know if the problem is that this Lightning 3 in 1 card reader doesn't like my particular brand of SD card, or if this particular device is just a lemon, or the problem is something else."
R2GDAEK54GY5J	547	2	"I own this webcam and the Logitech C525. The picture quality is shockingly comparable. Having purchased Logitech's best webcam, I really expected there to be much better quality images. Instead, the images are 'meh'. The almost have a plastic look to them. I have tested this cam in bright, medium, and dark conditions all with the same results. It also doesn't have a left/right pivot like the C525. Only an up and down pivot which is annoying given that this is the higher end product. My suggestion is to save yourself some money and buy one of their mid-tier webcams."
R2GDAEK54GY5J	Eddie	2	"I own this webcam and the Logitech C525. The picture quality is shockingly comparable. Having purchased Logitech's best webcam, I really expected there to be much better quality images. Instead, the images are 'meh'. The almost have a plastic look to them. I have tested this cam in bright, medium, and dark conditions all with the same results. It also doesn't have a left/right pivot like the C525. Only an up and down pivot which is annoying given that this is the higher end product. My suggestion is to save yourself some money and buy one of their mid-tier webcams."
R2GEL3O35W3XGW	547	2	I get that I only paid $30 but it also says 720p. I expected better picture quality from that. I'll keep it as it does the job just fine but I'd have spent more to get a sharper image. Probably just fine for most people who want to talk but if you are recording do yourself a favor and get one of logitechs more expensive options.
R2GEL3O35W3XGW	Eddie	2	I get that I only paid $30 but it also says 720p. I expected better picture quality from that. I'll keep it as it does the job just fine but I'd have spent more to get a sharper image. Probably just fine for most people who want to talk but if you are recording do yourself a favor and get one of logitechs more expensive options.
R2GEO7JB516JDZ	547	1	"The product does go on easier than other screen protectors but there seems to be no anti-glare properties at all.  I cannot watch any videos or read print when there is any significant light nearby.  My advice would be save your money because @ $30, it simply isn't worth it!"
R2GEO7JB516JDZ	Eddie	2	"The product does go on easier than other screen protectors but there seems to be no anti-glare properties at all.  I cannot watch any videos or read print when there is any significant light nearby.  My advice would be save your money because @ $30, it simply isn't worth it!"
R2GFNESVBVHNMG	547	2	"The sleeve fits a 15 inch macbook pro very well, there is no room around the computer. However, the sleeve itself is very thin. More pricey alternatives will provide a significantly better protection. This sleeve will protect from scratches and smaller objects."
R2GFNESVBVHNMG	Eddie	2	"The sleeve fits a 15 inch macbook pro very well, there is no room around the computer. However, the sleeve itself is very thin. More pricey alternatives will provide a significantly better protection. This sleeve will protect from scratches and smaller objects."
R2GH5LUD67QYJK	547	3	"I received this today and the quality seems good.  The \\""I solemnly swear that I am up to no good\\"" letters fit across the width of my 11\\"" MacBook Air with only slight alteration (I trimmed just a bit to have a smaller space between two of the words and all was well.  Yes, getting the individual letters off the paper was a bit of a pain, but the transfer tape kept them in place and with a bit of patience it all worked out fine.  Unfortunately, the \\""Mischief Managed!\\"" is in a considerably larger font and the words do NOT fit beside the touchpad as shown in the picture.  I will have to either cut out and place the letters individually (which would be a royal pain) or place the words diagonally, one on each side of the touchpad, which just doesn't have the same look.  It does not \\""fit all machines\\"" as promised in the description, hence the 3-star review."
R2GH5LUD67QYJK	Eddie	2	"I received this today and the quality seems good.  The \\""I solemnly swear that I am up to no good\\"" letters fit across the width of my 11\\"" MacBook Air with only slight alteration (I trimmed just a bit to have a smaller space between two of the words and all was well.  Yes, getting the individual letters off the paper was a bit of a pain, but the transfer tape kept them in place and with a bit of patience it all worked out fine.  Unfortunately, the \\""Mischief Managed!\\"" is in a considerably larger font and the words do NOT fit beside the touchpad as shown in the picture.  I will have to either cut out and place the letters individually (which would be a royal pain) or place the words diagonally, one on each side of the touchpad, which just doesn't have the same look.  It does not \\""fit all machines\\"" as promised in the description, hence the 3-star review."
R2GKJ2GNRMAM5O	547	1	"The seller mailed me this battery in very good time but.......... it worked for a little over 60 days then it wouldn't hold a charge.  I contacted the seller and they emailed me a pre-paid return USPS label to send it back to them.  They told me that they'd send me a replacement once they got the old battery back.  I have to wonder why!!!  Did they think I was trying to pull something crooked for a purchase under $20.  I think they must have.<br /><br />Once the seller received the defective battery they immediately mailed a replacement but to the wrong address!  When I pointed this out to them they quickly shipped out a 2nd replacement, this time sent to the correct address.  I have no idea how well the replacement will work since I haven't received it yet but I'm hoping it lasts more than 2 months.  If this one fails, I'll buy a more expensive replacement.  Good luck with whatever you decide."
R2GKJ2GNRMAM5O	Eddie	1	"The seller mailed me this battery in very good time but.......... it worked for a little over 60 days then it wouldn't hold a charge.  I contacted the seller and they emailed me a pre-paid return USPS label to send it back to them.  They told me that they'd send me a replacement once they got the old battery back.  I have to wonder why!!!  Did they think I was trying to pull something crooked for a purchase under $20.  I think they must have.<br /><br />Once the seller received the defective battery they immediately mailed a replacement but to the wrong address!  When I pointed this out to them they quickly shipped out a 2nd replacement, this time sent to the correct address.  I have no idea how well the replacement will work since I haven't received it yet but I'm hoping it lasts more than 2 months.  If this one fails, I'll buy a more expensive replacement.  Good luck with whatever you decide."
R2HRH1YMX07MBZ	547	2	"A decent GTX 750 Ti video card, you need a 6 pin PCI-E connector, not sure why because there is not a lot of GPU overclocking to be done. Take a look at the EVGA GTX 750 Ti cards before you make a decision.<br /><br />Knocking a couple stars off for the Asus rebate policy. Don't count on the rebate when you are considering price."
R2HRH1YMX07MBZ	Eddie	2	"A decent GTX 750 Ti video card, you need a 6 pin PCI-E connector, not sure why because there is not a lot of GPU overclocking to be done. Take a look at the EVGA GTX 750 Ti cards before you make a decision.<br /><br />Knocking a couple stars off for the Asus rebate policy. Don't count on the rebate when you are considering price."
R2HXOGDN3TK4SV	547	3	"I've got this monitor sitting next to my main monitor, which is hardware-calibrated for accurate color. In just a few words, the AOCs color looks like total crap. They've injected the monitor with a lot of excess blue to make it appear sharper and more vibrant. Television manufacturers do this to try to get in edge on competition while on-display in the store. The difference is that with TVs and non-DisplayLink monitors you can neutralize those artificial colors after you buy them. Not so here. This monitor cannot be calibrated, nor can you truly adjust the brightness (you can download programs that overlay some grey on your screen to mimic lowering the brightness). SO. If you have the option of a non-usb powered monitor instead of this, go for it. If you need it to be USB for portability, it's pretty decent at getting the job done. Just don't think about editing photos or doing any color or contrast sensitive work on it."
R2HXOGDN3TK4SV	Eddie	3	"I've got this monitor sitting next to my main monitor, which is hardware-calibrated for accurate color. In just a few words, the AOCs color looks like total crap. They've injected the monitor with a lot of excess blue to make it appear sharper and more vibrant. Television manufacturers do this to try to get in edge on competition while on-display in the store. The difference is that with TVs and non-DisplayLink monitors you can neutralize those artificial colors after you buy them. Not so here. This monitor cannot be calibrated, nor can you truly adjust the brightness (you can download programs that overlay some grey on your screen to mimic lowering the brightness). SO. If you have the option of a non-usb powered monitor instead of this, go for it. If you need it to be USB for portability, it's pretty decent at getting the job done. Just don't think about editing photos or doing any color or contrast sensitive work on it."
R2I03CI3H5P4XO	547	1	"I have had these speakers for about six months now and they still work fine.  I have not really used the remote.  An issue I have with them is though you can adjust volume, treble and bass, you really don't know to what level you are adjusting.  (Or at least I haven't figured out how to do that.)  Usually speakers have some sort of gauge or number system that lets you know.  Also I was not able to adjust from which speaker I would like the sound to come.  However the sound is great.  I live in a two bedroom apt.  When the bass gets going on certain songs the whole place shakes.  Definitely what I was looking for when I made the purchase."
R2I03CI3H5P4XO	Eddie	1	"I have had these speakers for about six months now and they still work fine.  I have not really used the remote.  An issue I have with them is though you can adjust volume, treble and bass, you really don't know to what level you are adjusting.  (Or at least I haven't figured out how to do that.)  Usually speakers have some sort of gauge or number system that lets you know.  Also I was not able to adjust from which speaker I would like the sound to come.  However the sound is great.  I live in a two bedroom apt.  When the bass gets going on certain songs the whole place shakes.  Definitely what I was looking for when I made the purchase."
R2I58TP8NTZZTJ	547	2	"I had expected more from it, such as being able to reach through walls and floors, but it doesn't.  I had to get additional extenders.  It was relatively easy to set up, but I'm planning to return it because it doesn't meet my expectations."
R2I58TP8NTZZTJ	Eddie	1	"I had expected more from it, such as being able to reach through walls and floors, but it doesn't.  I had to get additional extenders.  It was relatively easy to set up, but I'm planning to return it because it doesn't meet my expectations."
R2IN0MA3TLN16Q	547	1	"I've been coveting this case for a while now, and only recently had a chance to get one shipped to me in Thailand. I have a Speck &#34;satin&#34; shell on my 11 inch Air, and although the fit is a bit snug, I can get the laptop with the shell on it in this sleeve. I think over time, the sleeve will stretch enough to make the fit a bit better.<br /><br />I love everything about the case except the fact that the velcro strip that holds the sleeve shut is already starting to peel off from the right side. I've only owned the sleeve a week and have only used it a handful of times. I'm sure Amazon would replace it, but I have no way of returning this case and receiving a replacement in Thailand, so now I just have to pray it holds together for the rest of my bicycle tour. C'est la vie."
R2IN0MA3TLN16Q	Eddie	2	"I've been coveting this case for a while now, and only recently had a chance to get one shipped to me in Thailand. I have a Speck &#34;satin&#34; shell on my 11 inch Air, and although the fit is a bit snug, I can get the laptop with the shell on it in this sleeve. I think over time, the sleeve will stretch enough to make the fit a bit better.<br /><br />I love everything about the case except the fact that the velcro strip that holds the sleeve shut is already starting to peel off from the right side. I've only owned the sleeve a week and have only used it a handful of times. I'm sure Amazon would replace it, but I have no way of returning this case and receiving a replacement in Thailand, so now I just have to pray it holds together for the rest of my bicycle tour. C'est la vie."
R2IQES70WNIZXK	547	4	"I got this mouse because you can program buttons to do what you want. The mouse is nicely built but the sides slant inward towards the bottom, this causes my fingers to get tired or cramped. Someone with smaller hands may not have that problem, I got big hands.<br /><br />Now for the programming part. You can record your Macro and  include key strokes. The BAD thing is it runs the macro slow and misses steps. Before I got this mouse I was using Mouse X and I can tell a BIG difference on macro speed and Mouse X does NOT miss any steps in the macro. I am NOT trying to promote Mouse X, just telling the truth about the Macro feature of this mouse.<br /><br />The ONLY reason I am not sending it back is because it does work as a mouse just fine and I already threw my old one out. If you are a serious gamer and want a good mouse SKIP this one."
R2IQES70WNIZXK	Eddie	4	"I got this mouse because you can program buttons to do what you want. The mouse is nicely built but the sides slant inward towards the bottom, this causes my fingers to get tired or cramped. Someone with smaller hands may not have that problem, I got big hands.<br /><br />Now for the programming part. You can record your Macro and  include key strokes. The BAD thing is it runs the macro slow and misses steps. Before I got this mouse I was using Mouse X and I can tell a BIG difference on macro speed and Mouse X does NOT miss any steps in the macro. I am NOT trying to promote Mouse X, just telling the truth about the Macro feature of this mouse.<br /><br />The ONLY reason I am not sending it back is because it does work as a mouse just fine and I already threw my old one out. If you are a serious gamer and want a good mouse SKIP this one."
R2JJ7O2UH2FIXL	547	1	Unit had to be returned to maker for repair; a 2 week elapsed time exercise.<br /><br />PC is fine upon return. It appeared that this was not its' first trip back to HP. Feel it is not worth the savings to buy a refurb in terms of time and frustration.
R2JJ7O2UH2FIXL	Eddie	1	Unit had to be returned to maker for repair; a 2 week elapsed time exercise.<br /><br />PC is fine upon return. It appeared that this was not its' first trip back to HP. Feel it is not worth the savings to buy a refurb in terms of time and frustration.
R2JWTUW25SGMS	547	2	The gateway computer looks good and I like that but the slowness of the laptop right here in America means the laptop would have been even slower in Africa. My intend of this laptop was to carry it back home for my family in school to use for study. So my concern is the poor network back home.
R2JWTUW25SGMS	Eddie	2	The gateway computer looks good and I like that but the slowness of the laptop right here in America means the laptop would have been even slower in Africa. My intend of this laptop was to carry it back home for my family in school to use for study. So my concern is the poor network back home.
R2K9NRPC1756ZA	547	0	"I get it, tomato on this router is amazing. The 2005 version of me would also humbly agree. But now it's 2015, which means there are much better WiFi standards like Wireless N.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor, let go of the past, the nostalgia, and go for something more modern that's Tomato or DDWRT capable.<br /><br />I ended up selling mine for what I paid and upgraded to a newer router. Haven't looked back since."
R2K9NRPC1756ZA	Eddie	0	"I get it, tomato on this router is amazing. The 2005 version of me would also humbly agree. But now it's 2015, which means there are much better WiFi standards like Wireless N.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor, let go of the past, the nostalgia, and go for something more modern that's Tomato or DDWRT capable.<br /><br />I ended up selling mine for what I paid and upgraded to a newer router. Haven't looked back since."
R2KMQGHN1XD3YG	547	2	"well I followed the instructions on installing  it and I noticed some faint marks up under it after it was applied. and I thought, oh no, I may have to re-do the dang thing. well it tells you to let it set up for 24 hrs. which I have done. I came back to look at it, and it is clear as glass! all marks gone! I am IN LOVE WITH THIS!!!!!!! in the past every one I have ever tried to apply was a pain in the butt to apply and always looked like crap afterwards! not true with this one!!!!!!!!! I will see  how it goes in the long-run. but for right now, I love it, and yes I would order this again! as a matter of fact I will bookmark this one!!!! THANK YOU ARMORSUIT!!!!!!!!!!   updated review.... they swear by their screen protectors &#34;healing&#34; any scratches that appear. not really true. had 2 scratches only days after installing it, and yep still there. but it was a pain installing it as well."
R2KMQGHN1XD3YG	Eddie	2	"well I followed the instructions on installing  it and I noticed some faint marks up under it after it was applied. and I thought, oh no, I may have to re-do the dang thing. well it tells you to let it set up for 24 hrs. which I have done. I came back to look at it, and it is clear as glass! all marks gone! I am IN LOVE WITH THIS!!!!!!! in the past every one I have ever tried to apply was a pain in the butt to apply and always looked like crap afterwards! not true with this one!!!!!!!!! I will see  how it goes in the long-run. but for right now, I love it, and yes I would order this again! as a matter of fact I will bookmark this one!!!! THANK YOU ARMORSUIT!!!!!!!!!!   updated review.... they swear by their screen protectors &#34;healing&#34; any scratches that appear. not really true. had 2 scratches only days after installing it, and yep still there. but it was a pain installing it as well."
R2L7IGWHN59NKI	547	3	"I had purchased this mouse to replace the one that came with my current computer (the left-click button was acting up).  Unfortunately, said computer is finicky and only functions reliably/properly when using a PS2 mouse and keyboard.<br /><br />I like the ergonomics of this mouse.  It fits my hand comfortably enough.  The \\""back\\"" and \\""forward\\"" browsing buttons on the left side are pretty convenient.  The sensitivity took awhile for me to get used to, even with the sensitivity adjustment button (which is a pretty nifty feature when one needs precision for an instant or so).  Unfortunately, after a month of owning and using this mouse pretty much daily, it seems that the scroll wheel has disengaged somehow.  I try to scroll up and down, and there's no clicking resistance (for lack of a better description) like before, and I can't scroll with the wheel.  I'm a little disappointed, to be sure, but I guess I should have seen this coming.<br /><br />I guess I'd better look into a replacement soon.  I can probably cope without a scroll wheel, but if that piece went bad on me this quickly, there's no telling how much longer this mouse will last.  If reviewers could give half-stars, I'd actually give this product 2.5 stars.  But I guess I'll have to make do with rounding up."
R2L7IGWHN59NKI	Eddie	4	"I had purchased this mouse to replace the one that came with my current computer (the left-click button was acting up).  Unfortunately, said computer is finicky and only functions reliably/properly when using a PS2 mouse and keyboard.<br /><br />I like the ergonomics of this mouse.  It fits my hand comfortably enough.  The \\""back\\"" and \\""forward\\"" browsing buttons on the left side are pretty convenient.  The sensitivity took awhile for me to get used to, even with the sensitivity adjustment button (which is a pretty nifty feature when one needs precision for an instant or so).  Unfortunately, after a month of owning and using this mouse pretty much daily, it seems that the scroll wheel has disengaged somehow.  I try to scroll up and down, and there's no clicking resistance (for lack of a better description) like before, and I can't scroll with the wheel.  I'm a little disappointed, to be sure, but I guess I should have seen this coming.<br /><br />I guess I'd better look into a replacement soon.  I can probably cope without a scroll wheel, but if that piece went bad on me this quickly, there's no telling how much longer this mouse will last.  If reviewers could give half-stars, I'd actually give this product 2.5 stars.  But I guess I'll have to make do with rounding up."
R2LB5GRU8DWQ5K	547	2	"when i received it looked brand new with the protective covering stuck to the sides. however when i peeled them off it had scratches on it already and was obviously not new. other than that it works great, hasn't melted like some of the other ones i've seen here. the indicator light never fully goes off though."
R2LB5GRU8DWQ5K	Eddie	2	"when i received it looked brand new with the protective covering stuck to the sides. however when i peeled them off it had scratches on it already and was obviously not new. other than that it works great, hasn't melted like some of the other ones i've seen here. the indicator light never fully goes off though."
R2LWBD91AO2XB	547	2	Good product gmfir my desktop with windows7 but usb connector is relatively large and and it is not inserted in the mouse
R2LWBD91AO2XB	Eddie	1	Good product gmfir my desktop with windows7 but usb connector is relatively large and and it is not inserted in the mouse
R2LWJIDH2OZGZC	547	2	"It's tight on your head, but it installs easily, and does the job well.. I get clear Skype communication with it."
R2LWJIDH2OZGZC	Eddie	3	"It's tight on your head, but it installs easily, and does the job well.. I get clear Skype communication with it."
R2M1MAUAQLDK7E	547	4	"I use this laptop as my main computer. I chose to get a laptop over a desktop because I needed portability. As far as being a computer goes, it's fabulous. No complaints about the power of this beast. I dropped in a SSD not too long ago and enjoy the near instant boot times.<br /><br />I did have a problem with getting a broken motherboard initially which required me to ship it to an Asus repair center (at my own expense, +75$). That also meant I had an extra month added to the time it took to actually enjoy my purchase. I'm probably not buying from Asus again because of this.<br /><br />As far as being a laptop goes, it's pretty difficult to carry around. The power brick is gigantic. The laptop itself is huge also. As a result, I can barely fit it in my bookbag. If I'm carrying books, I usually can't bring the laptop with me. I wouldnt recommend this if you're traveling since carrying the laptop and the oversized power brick will wear you out!"
R2M1MAUAQLDK7E	Eddie	4	"I use this laptop as my main computer. I chose to get a laptop over a desktop because I needed portability. As far as being a computer goes, it's fabulous. No complaints about the power of this beast. I dropped in a SSD not too long ago and enjoy the near instant boot times.<br /><br />I did have a problem with getting a broken motherboard initially which required me to ship it to an Asus repair center (at my own expense, +75$). That also meant I had an extra month added to the time it took to actually enjoy my purchase. I'm probably not buying from Asus again because of this.<br /><br />As far as being a laptop goes, it's pretty difficult to carry around. The power brick is gigantic. The laptop itself is huge also. As a result, I can barely fit it in my bookbag. If I'm carrying books, I usually can't bring the laptop with me. I wouldnt recommend this if you're traveling since carrying the laptop and the oversized power brick will wear you out!"
R2M2XAKQG6DTD6	547	1	"I like it, but I don't know why one corner won't snap into place.  The instructions indicate that all four corners won't, but something must be wrong with the design with this happens.  All my other cases have securely snapped into place..."
R2M2XAKQG6DTD6	Eddie	1	"I like it, but I don't know why one corner won't snap into place.  The instructions indicate that all four corners won't, but something must be wrong with the design with this happens.  All my other cases have securely snapped into place..."
R2M43ISUTYXXQ5	547	3	"great fit, however, the entire portion that goes around the front, is not reinforced well enough so, that the frame wants to slip off the sides. its quite annoying. either the frame should be thicker around teh samsung screen, or wider, as in go into the black section of the screen more."
R2M43ISUTYXXQ5	Eddie	3	"great fit, however, the entire portion that goes around the front, is not reinforced well enough so, that the frame wants to slip off the sides. its quite annoying. either the frame should be thicker around teh samsung screen, or wider, as in go into the black section of the screen more."
R2M65WPRFSXS0G	547	1	"As the title insinuates, the life of this battery is about what you would expect for the price.(you get what you pay for) I only had it for about a week before my computer started to say I should consider replacing it, it still charges as normal and can be unplugged for about 45 minutes or so, but who knows when it will fail completely."
R2M65WPRFSXS0G	Eddie	2	"As the title insinuates, the life of this battery is about what you would expect for the price.(you get what you pay for) I only had it for about a week before my computer started to say I should consider replacing it, it still charges as normal and can be unplugged for about 45 minutes or so, but who knows when it will fail completely."
R2MOK75OH5F76X	547	2	"If your hands hurt, stop working with the computer at your job, or reduce the amount of hours, otherwise this and other stuff like it, simply won't help.<br />In specific to this item, you'll have to use a good mouse pad, preferably all black, to get a precised mouse movement, otherwise tracking on table is not good at all with the existing beam it has.  Also important, it raises your wrist a-bit, and as said, if your hands hurt already, stop typing, stop mouse movements, reduce computer work hours, otherwise you'll seriously injure yourself. seriously."
R2MOK75OH5F76X	Eddie	2	"If your hands hurt, stop working with the computer at your job, or reduce the amount of hours, otherwise this and other stuff like it, simply won't help.<br />In specific to this item, you'll have to use a good mouse pad, preferably all black, to get a precised mouse movement, otherwise tracking on table is not good at all with the existing beam it has.  Also important, it raises your wrist a-bit, and as said, if your hands hurt already, stop typing, stop mouse movements, reduce computer work hours, otherwise you'll seriously injure yourself. seriously."
R2MWT3EPJJOLMF	547	3	"I love love love the fabric - very chic. The spine is too loose - it flops around and makes it clumsy. Love the inside pockets, wish there was a pen holder in there.  Just tighten up/strengthen the spine."
R2MWT3EPJJOLMF	Eddie	3	"I love love love the fabric - very chic. The spine is too loose - it flops around and makes it clumsy. Love the inside pockets, wish there was a pen holder in there.  Just tighten up/strengthen the spine."
R2NBLEO0WC4TEI	547	1	"The write speed isnt that fast. If you google this card, you will see the test results and reviews that claim the same thing."
R2NBLEO0WC4TEI	Eddie	1	"The write speed isnt that fast. If you google this card, you will see the test results and reviews that claim the same thing."
R2NJI9FC3SIDOD	547	0	"Windows 8.1 users: DO NOT GIVE UP HOPE! ALSO, DO NOT USE BLUESOLEIL!<br /><br />I got this working with my music receiver after HOURS of messing around with this. The first step was I had to uninstall Bluesoleil, that piece of trash program... anyways...<br /><br />After that, I unplugged the USB and plugged it in on the computer. This time, I noticed that it was installing Bluetooth drivers on my PC, where I never had them before. It still sucks because it's 8.1, but if you hit the Windows Key and type in PC Settings, and click PC and devices, you should see it looking for bluetooth things from here.<br /><br />This is where I got hung up for a long time. I connected to the music receiver, but nothing happened. I restarted my computer, and my volume icon was back (by my clock.) I clicked the dropdown menu next to where it says speakers and chose the headset.<br /><br />I WASN'T DONE YET, SADLY.... As no sounds would play except the windows 'ding' when you slide the volume bar. But I didn't give up!!!!!<br /><br />I went to the control panel and typed in Bluetooth. You'll see Devices and printers. To get this to stream your music and whatever your computer is playing, right click THE MUSIC RECEIVER, NOT THE BLUETOOTH ADAPTER, and click Sound Settings. You should see your normal speakers and the &#34;Headphones (Music Receiver)&#34; or whatever your music receiver shows up as.<br /><br />To make it work, simply click on your music receiver and click &#34;set default&#34; on the bottom, and voila, it should work! (Make sure in your volume mixer that you have it set to the Music Receiver and not your default speakers!)<br /><br />On a side note, this took around 3 weeks to a month to arrive from china, and I'm not certain EVERYTHING is compatible with this thing, but really, these people should give proper drivers or at least some instructions!!!!!!!!!!!!"
R2NJI9FC3SIDOD	Eddie	0	"Windows 8.1 users: DO NOT GIVE UP HOPE! ALSO, DO NOT USE BLUESOLEIL!<br /><br />I got this working with my music receiver after HOURS of messing around with this. The first step was I had to uninstall Bluesoleil, that piece of trash program... anyways...<br /><br />After that, I unplugged the USB and plugged it in on the computer. This time, I noticed that it was installing Bluetooth drivers on my PC, where I never had them before. It still sucks because it's 8.1, but if you hit the Windows Key and type in PC Settings, and click PC and devices, you should see it looking for bluetooth things from here.<br /><br />This is where I got hung up for a long time. I connected to the music receiver, but nothing happened. I restarted my computer, and my volume icon was back (by my clock.) I clicked the dropdown menu next to where it says speakers and chose the headset.<br /><br />I WASN'T DONE YET, SADLY.... As no sounds would play except the windows 'ding' when you slide the volume bar. But I didn't give up!!!!!<br /><br />I went to the control panel and typed in Bluetooth. You'll see Devices and printers. To get this to stream your music and whatever your computer is playing, right click THE MUSIC RECEIVER, NOT THE BLUETOOTH ADAPTER, and click Sound Settings. You should see your normal speakers and the &#34;Headphones (Music Receiver)&#34; or whatever your music receiver shows up as.<br /><br />To make it work, simply click on your music receiver and click &#34;set default&#34; on the bottom, and voila, it should work! (Make sure in your volume mixer that you have it set to the Music Receiver and not your default speakers!)<br /><br />On a side note, this took around 3 weeks to a month to arrive from china, and I'm not certain EVERYTHING is compatible with this thing, but really, these people should give proper drivers or at least some instructions!!!!!!!!!!!!"
R2NUQWKFVPMAXI	547	1	Don't bother to spend the extra $20 for the ad free version.  Amazon still pushes books at the bottom of the first screen.  I was especially excited to see the &#34;teenage&#34; suggestions since I haven't been a teenager in many many years.  Ad free is very misleading.
R2NUQWKFVPMAXI	Eddie	1	Don't bother to spend the extra $20 for the ad free version.  Amazon still pushes books at the bottom of the first screen.  I was especially excited to see the &#34;teenage&#34; suggestions since I haven't been a teenager in many many years.  Ad free is very misleading.
R2O9L19OIUK9TL	547	1	"The bag is not very spacious as compared to my previous swissgear bag. The laptop storage section features a velcro flap to secure the laptop (often gets entangled with other items). About 1/4th of the laptop (15'' macbook pro) stays out of the laptop storage \\""pouch\\"". The shoulder straps are very comfortable compared to older swissgear bags and distribute weight of contents very uniformly.<br /><br />Overall, not worth its price (usd 107.00). Would recommend buying other swissgear bags that are a lot cheaper."
R2O9L19OIUK9TL	Eddie	2	"The bag is not very spacious as compared to my previous swissgear bag. The laptop storage section features a velcro flap to secure the laptop (often gets entangled with other items). About 1/4th of the laptop (15'' macbook pro) stays out of the laptop storage \\""pouch\\"". The shoulder straps are very comfortable compared to older swissgear bags and distribute weight of contents very uniformly.<br /><br />Overall, not worth its price (usd 107.00). Would recommend buying other swissgear bags that are a lot cheaper."
R2OBYZJEPV9XKI	547	3	"I got this in the cyber monday lightning deal that went sold out in a few seconds and let me say that I wouldn't have been too disappointed if I had missed the deal now that I got this thing on my hand for a few days. First of all the screen is a bit too small for my taste and I didn't realize until after the purchase that amazon was selling the 1024x600 version not the 720p version that has been in most review. Second, the Windows 7 is slow, which is nothing new, but apparently I had expected a responsiveness closer to a smart phone, and Windows smart phone is not at all that fast by the way. I have a great suspicion that 2GB memory instead of the non-upgradeable 1GB could have made a great deal of difference in this manner. However, a mixed curse with Windows 7 Starter will limit the number of applications open at a time to total of 3 so 1GB is probably never going to be a problem just because of this self-imposed crippling of the OS. In this respect to the non-upgradeable memory, running full-blown WindowsXP is probably going to shoot you in the foot more than the Windows7 Starter. But on the good part the TV reception is great and the software works, albeit slow to respond in changing channels. Youtube video runs smoothly but since the screen is so short I found myself having to go full screen most of the time instead of watching within the window. The shortness of the screen also makes most of the real estate consumed by the toolbars in the browser to be very annoying, except for Chrome which barely has anything on the top. I guess if I had laid my hand on this item before I purchased it I wouldn't have been too eager to click on the lightning deal, but for the price I don't think I could claim it as a terribly poor machine although I would gladly spring another $100 for the larger resolution and 2GB memory and then it would be just perfect. For now, this is great as a quick companion for emergency use on the road when the regular laptop is just a bit too muchhassle to lug around."
R2OBYZJEPV9XKI	Eddie	4	"I got this in the cyber monday lightning deal that went sold out in a few seconds and let me say that I wouldn't have been too disappointed if I had missed the deal now that I got this thing on my hand for a few days. First of all the screen is a bit too small for my taste and I didn't realize until after the purchase that amazon was selling the 1024x600 version not the 720p version that has been in most review. Second, the Windows 7 is slow, which is nothing new, but apparently I had expected a responsiveness closer to a smart phone, and Windows smart phone is not at all that fast by the way. I have a great suspicion that 2GB memory instead of the non-upgradeable 1GB could have made a great deal of difference in this manner. However, a mixed curse with Windows 7 Starter will limit the number of applications open at a time to total of 3 so 1GB is probably never going to be a problem just because of this self-imposed crippling of the OS. In this respect to the non-upgradeable memory, running full-blown WindowsXP is probably going to shoot you in the foot more than the Windows7 Starter. But on the good part the TV reception is great and the software works, albeit slow to respond in changing channels. Youtube video runs smoothly but since the screen is so short I found myself having to go full screen most of the time instead of watching within the window. The shortness of the screen also makes most of the real estate consumed by the toolbars in the browser to be very annoying, except for Chrome which barely has anything on the top. I guess if I had laid my hand on this item before I purchased it I wouldn't have been too eager to click on the lightning deal, but for the price I don't think I could claim it as a terribly poor machine although I would gladly spring another $100 for the larger resolution and 2GB memory and then it would be just perfect. For now, this is great as a quick companion for emergency use on the road when the regular laptop is just a bit too muchhassle to lug around."
R2OD0R6NFHE55Z	547	2	"Basically, I wanted to buy something that protected by kindle, which this does perfectly. The color and quality are quite acceptable for the price this comes for. However, having used this for a month now, I see that the elastic band is starting to slack a bit (it is not as taut as it was when it was new and fresh). It still does the job, but am hoping that it does not slack off anymore. Another little thing is that using the arrow key (right direction) becomes a bit constrained with the cover."
R2OD0R6NFHE55Z	Eddie	2	"Basically, I wanted to buy something that protected by kindle, which this does perfectly. The color and quality are quite acceptable for the price this comes for. However, having used this for a month now, I see that the elastic band is starting to slack a bit (it is not as taut as it was when it was new and fresh). It still does the job, but am hoping that it does not slack off anymore. Another little thing is that using the arrow key (right direction) becomes a bit constrained with the cover."
R2OIL5XD9GIGKB	547	2	"I am so conflicted here. I LOVED this e-reader. I bought it to compare with the Voyage and found that for the cost of the Voyage, the Paperwhite was worth the purchase over the Voyage. I used it for about a week which was all I could stand as it had two blown pixels. I returned it for a 2nd. The second came with a blown pixel. I returned that one and will wait for the next generation. I'm really disappointed as I loved the reader, but the blown pixels were just too distracting and the Voyage is just too expensive and has nothing that the average reader would be bothered by. I actually preferred the color of the Paperwhite to the color of the Voyage. The Voyage was less white as I found the color of the Paperwhite to be much easier to read at all brightness levels. The Paperwhite has fewer lights at the bottom, so there are small gray (hardly noticeable unless pointing them out) compared to the Voyage. I would totally buy this again if the blown pixel thing could not happen."
R2OIL5XD9GIGKB	Eddie	3	"I am so conflicted here. I LOVED this e-reader. I bought it to compare with the Voyage and found that for the cost of the Voyage, the Paperwhite was worth the purchase over the Voyage. I used it for about a week which was all I could stand as it had two blown pixels. I returned it for a 2nd. The second came with a blown pixel. I returned that one and will wait for the next generation. I'm really disappointed as I loved the reader, but the blown pixels were just too distracting and the Voyage is just too expensive and has nothing that the average reader would be bothered by. I actually preferred the color of the Paperwhite to the color of the Voyage. The Voyage was less white as I found the color of the Paperwhite to be much easier to read at all brightness levels. The Paperwhite has fewer lights at the bottom, so there are small gray (hardly noticeable unless pointing them out) compared to the Voyage. I would totally buy this again if the blown pixel thing could not happen."
R2OUJHI1OH70CE	547	3	"This is a good product, but on one hand there are cheaper options, and on the other is a little big which made the installation more difficult with my WD TV Live Plus.  When trying to insert it into the back of the WDTV the adapter strikes on one side. I had to sand one side of the adapter to make it fit in."
R2OUJHI1OH70CE	Eddie	2	"This is a good product, but on one hand there are cheaper options, and on the other is a little big which made the installation more difficult with my WD TV Live Plus.  When trying to insert it into the back of the WDTV the adapter strikes on one side. I had to sand one side of the adapter to make it fit in."
R2OWJF0719BKDL	547	2	"This mouse is starting to die. It acts like the battery is going, but it's not the battery -- it's the mouse itself. All my mice keep doing this, but I'd been buying really cheap ones. I expected more from a Logitech.<br /><br />I have two of these -- one at work, one at home. Both are acting funny, but the one at my office is really bad. I am having to use the track pad, and my hand hurts by the end of the day.<br /><br />I need a new mouse, and love this color combo, but I won't be buying it again."
R2OWJF0719BKDL	Eddie	2	"This mouse is starting to die. It acts like the battery is going, but it's not the battery -- it's the mouse itself. All my mice keep doing this, but I'd been buying really cheap ones. I expected more from a Logitech.<br /><br />I have two of these -- one at work, one at home. Both are acting funny, but the one at my office is really bad. I am having to use the track pad, and my hand hurts by the end of the day.<br /><br />I need a new mouse, and love this color combo, but I won't be buying it again."
R2OX3P57B36ATY	547	2	If you do graphics or need precision touch control this isn't for you. If you use the ipad like 90% of the population this is a great case. But be aware that the screen protector design causes the touch sensitivity to change and sometimes not register swipes or touches properly. When trying to scroll in some situations it will instead register as a click (touch). The screen protector may show little dots in the sunlight etc... The case is top notch the only negative is the screen protector part.
R2OX3P57B36ATY	Eddie	2	If you do graphics or need precision touch control this isn't for you. If you use the ipad like 90% of the population this is a great case. But be aware that the screen protector design causes the touch sensitivity to change and sometimes not register swipes or touches properly. When trying to scroll in some situations it will instead register as a click (touch). The screen protector may show little dots in the sunlight etc... The case is top notch the only negative is the screen protector part.
R2PASOZLF8XNQO	547	1	"PRICE WAS RIGHT. BUT EVEN OUT OF THE BOX THE CHARGE ONLY LASTED 60 MINUTES. GUESS YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR WITH THIS PURCHASE. CHEAP PRICE WORKS MOST TIME, BUT NOT WITH THIS PRODUCT."
R2PASOZLF8XNQO	Eddie	1	"PRICE WAS RIGHT. BUT EVEN OUT OF THE BOX THE CHARGE ONLY LASTED 60 MINUTES. GUESS YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR WITH THIS PURCHASE. CHEAP PRICE WORKS MOST TIME, BUT NOT WITH THIS PRODUCT."
R2PETSN0KI1C62	547	2	"I suppose you would get what you paid for on the replacement battery on Toshiba PA3672U-1BRS OEM.<br />Battery fits nicely on my E105-S1402 and has a slightly larger charge capacity than the OEM.<br />However, the battery charge already lost 6% of it's designed capacity within 48 hours of usage already."
R2PETSN0KI1C62	Eddie	1	"I suppose you would get what you paid for on the replacement battery on Toshiba PA3672U-1BRS OEM.<br />Battery fits nicely on my E105-S1402 and has a slightly larger charge capacity than the OEM.<br />However, the battery charge already lost 6% of it's designed capacity within 48 hours of usage already."
R2Q2QGT62HZY9D	547	1	It doesn't fit perfectly as the old one did.
R2Q2QGT62HZY9D	Eddie	1	It doesn't fit perfectly as the old one did.
R2QRPFJXLBD5G2	547	2	"The first one shipped and although we received it a bit late, taking it out of the box was impressive.  It felt solid and the heavy gun-grip type covering on the LT is  pretty cool.  However, it came with Win8 and a lot of ASUS bloatware, so it came up rather slowly.  Once up we noticed there were a few pixels that had fallen out.  How do you ship a PC display with bad pixels?  How does this get passed Quality Control?  I hope the replacement makes me give it one more star, we'll see.  Disappointed, thus far.  Update soon."
R2QRPFJXLBD5G2	Eddie	2	"The first one shipped and although we received it a bit late, taking it out of the box was impressive.  It felt solid and the heavy gun-grip type covering on the LT is  pretty cool.  However, it came with Win8 and a lot of ASUS bloatware, so it came up rather slowly.  Once up we noticed there were a few pixels that had fallen out.  How do you ship a PC display with bad pixels?  How does this get passed Quality Control?  I hope the replacement makes me give it one more star, we'll see.  Disappointed, thus far.  Update soon."
R2R6I3K9FU3SJJ	547	3	"I have Verizon FIOS with the Actiontec MI424-WR that has 'G' wireless that Vz thinks is perfectly fine looking to the future and has no plans to upgrade. I can't just change it out because that router has the coax connection that distributes the on-screen channel/program guide to a couple HD-dvr's and an HD stb. So that router and the broadband WAN connection is in the home office at one end of the hacienda. At the far end of the place is a collection of networked entertainment pieces -- TV, home theater ensemble, mega-changer juke box, et al -- some of which have both usb (which could take wireless adapters) and RJ45 ports, except for one box. Sony, bless their hearts, think that RJ45 ports are still the only way to go, and that's all they included on their otherwise excellent 400-disc Blu-Ray juke box that catalogs your collection automatically via Gracenote. What I really need at that end is a nice simple wireless hub, but nobody seems to offer something like that, thus the need for a feature-laden router-cum-switch with WDS.   After a couple evenings on the web doing the research, it looks like ALL brands drive their 802.11n customers into two camps -- those who love the products because the setup was easy and/or the thing has been stable in operation, and those who hate the products because the setup was a nightmare and/or the thing has been unstable from day 1 or perhaps was stable for awhile but now it's not.  So, why am I choosing Trendnet? Well, it started with the generally positive comments from folks who have experience with the TEW-637AP. Then I just needed a router most likely to be compatible with that, thus the TEW-639GR. So they're shipping now. Five stars 'cause they can only go downhill from here. I'll try to remember to come back and report on the setup and operation later.  A comment (updated 11/2/2011) for those who have reported frequent connection drops: get the free app 'Wifi Analyzer' on your smart phone. It will help you with antenna placement and channel selection.  Post-installation update Feb 14, 2010:  So my application is somewhat oddball, but only a little, and so a top-down setup wasn't quite the right thing to do. A call to Trendnet hooked me up with Sean, an extremely knowledgeable and patient tech who got me going in the correct sequence adjusting settings so the TEW-639gr router would be recognized by the Actiontec router via the TEW-637AP, and I could hit the Internet from a laptop connected via RJ45 to the TEW-639gr thence wirelessly to the WAN over the wireless-n link we'd created. All of this was done while the two Trendnet devices were about 6 feet apart in my home office. Then I moved the TEW-639gr to its final location at the far end of the house, which is around 70 feet away straight-line, but 4 walls and quite a bit of furniture and other stuff apart in terms of intervening obstructions. Even with much fiddling with antenna positioning, and despite the successful passing of 1000-packet ping tests betweeen the Actiontec and the TEW-639gr, the performance of an 'n'-only link was simply dismal. I had to switch the pair to g/b mode, in which it covers this range with what we've come to expect as acceptable performance for streaming media. So, one star off for the inability to operate in 'n' mode over this relatively short distance. Will report back if any issues with long term stability or reliability.  Long-term update November 2, 2011:  My little WDS (Wireless Distribution System) network consisting of the TEW-639gr and a pair of TEW-637ap's has performed reliably in 'g' mode, but there's absolutely no way Trendnet has made these units to interoperate in 'n' mode with WDS enabled. Any single box will run in 'n' by itself, but no box will talk to another Trendnet box in 'n' mode. As late as May, 2011, their user guides continue to perpetrate this fiction. On the TEW-639gr, it helps to set the data rate to a fixed value, instead of letting it auto-negotiate, if you'll be streaming video through this box. 24Mb/s is plenty to stream HD video. No, a 'g' mode network will not support 54Mb/s continuous fixed rate. If you allow this box to auto-adjust the data rate, you will find your Netflix movie halting and restarting in a down-rezzed version frequently. Another star off Trendnet's rating for the interop problem. Eventually I'll be looking to replace this hardware with something else that actually does 'n'-spec."
R2R6I3K9FU3SJJ	Eddie	4	"I have Verizon FIOS with the Actiontec MI424-WR that has 'G' wireless that Vz thinks is perfectly fine looking to the future and has no plans to upgrade. I can't just change it out because that router has the coax connection that distributes the on-screen channel/program guide to a couple HD-dvr's and an HD stb. So that router and the broadband WAN connection is in the home office at one end of the hacienda. At the far end of the place is a collection of networked entertainment pieces -- TV, home theater ensemble, mega-changer juke box, et al -- some of which have both usb (which could take wireless adapters) and RJ45 ports, except for one box. Sony, bless their hearts, think that RJ45 ports are still the only way to go, and that's all they included on their otherwise excellent 400-disc Blu-Ray juke box that catalogs your collection automatically via Gracenote. What I really need at that end is a nice simple wireless hub, but nobody seems to offer something like that, thus the need for a feature-laden router-cum-switch with WDS.   After a couple evenings on the web doing the research, it looks like ALL brands drive their 802.11n customers into two camps -- those who love the products because the setup was easy and/or the thing has been stable in operation, and those who hate the products because the setup was a nightmare and/or the thing has been unstable from day 1 or perhaps was stable for awhile but now it's not.  So, why am I choosing Trendnet? Well, it started with the generally positive comments from folks who have experience with the TEW-637AP. Then I just needed a router most likely to be compatible with that, thus the TEW-639GR. So they're shipping now. Five stars 'cause they can only go downhill from here. I'll try to remember to come back and report on the setup and operation later.  A comment (updated 11/2/2011) for those who have reported frequent connection drops: get the free app 'Wifi Analyzer' on your smart phone. It will help you with antenna placement and channel selection.  Post-installation update Feb 14, 2010:  So my application is somewhat oddball, but only a little, and so a top-down setup wasn't quite the right thing to do. A call to Trendnet hooked me up with Sean, an extremely knowledgeable and patient tech who got me going in the correct sequence adjusting settings so the TEW-639gr router would be recognized by the Actiontec router via the TEW-637AP, and I could hit the Internet from a laptop connected via RJ45 to the TEW-639gr thence wirelessly to the WAN over the wireless-n link we'd created. All of this was done while the two Trendnet devices were about 6 feet apart in my home office. Then I moved the TEW-639gr to its final location at the far end of the house, which is around 70 feet away straight-line, but 4 walls and quite a bit of furniture and other stuff apart in terms of intervening obstructions. Even with much fiddling with antenna positioning, and despite the successful passing of 1000-packet ping tests betweeen the Actiontec and the TEW-639gr, the performance of an 'n'-only link was simply dismal. I had to switch the pair to g/b mode, in which it covers this range with what we've come to expect as acceptable performance for streaming media. So, one star off for the inability to operate in 'n' mode over this relatively short distance. Will report back if any issues with long term stability or reliability.  Long-term update November 2, 2011:  My little WDS (Wireless Distribution System) network consisting of the TEW-639gr and a pair of TEW-637ap's has performed reliably in 'g' mode, but there's absolutely no way Trendnet has made these units to interoperate in 'n' mode with WDS enabled. Any single box will run in 'n' by itself, but no box will talk to another Trendnet box in 'n' mode. As late as May, 2011, their user guides continue to perpetrate this fiction. On the TEW-639gr, it helps to set the data rate to a fixed value, instead of letting it auto-negotiate, if you'll be streaming video through this box. 24Mb/s is plenty to stream HD video. No, a 'g' mode network will not support 54Mb/s continuous fixed rate. If you allow this box to auto-adjust the data rate, you will find your Netflix movie halting and restarting in a down-rezzed version frequently. Another star off Trendnet's rating for the interop problem. Eventually I'll be looking to replace this hardware with something else that actually does 'n'-spec."
R2R8PAU8YQTI1X	547	2	"Starts double tapping after 2-year use (click \\""space\\"" once and actually input 2 spaces), really really annoying...Before the double tapping starts, the keyboard is really good.<br /><br />follow up:<br />It seems a common issue for this keyboard and I finally found a work-around. Since there is little you can do in Razer Synapse. You actually need go to keyboard setting in control panel (on a PC running Windows 7) to set the \\""Repeat Delay\\"" to long. In this way, chances of unexpected double tapping will be much lower."
R2R8PAU8YQTI1X	Eddie	2	"Starts double tapping after 2-year use (click \\""space\\"" once and actually input 2 spaces), really really annoying...Before the double tapping starts, the keyboard is really good.<br /><br />follow up:<br />It seems a common issue for this keyboard and I finally found a work-around. Since there is little you can do in Razer Synapse. You actually need go to keyboard setting in control panel (on a PC running Windows 7) to set the \\""Repeat Delay\\"" to long. In this way, chances of unexpected double tapping will be much lower."
R2R9HBVNNEZU40	547	2	"Easy to set up and convenient, but it does not come close to a true wired connection as far as speed. But all in all I would recommend it but you will still get some lag playing online xbox or ps3 as compared to a wired network. But other than that I have my pc and netflix dvd hooked to it also. Maybe pc is a little slower download time too. Netflix works fine."
R2R9HBVNNEZU40	Eddie	2	"Easy to set up and convenient, but it does not come close to a true wired connection as far as speed. But all in all I would recommend it but you will still get some lag playing online xbox or ps3 as compared to a wired network. But other than that I have my pc and netflix dvd hooked to it also. Maybe pc is a little slower download time too. Netflix works fine."
R2RCJNJFA35FK9	547	1	When its working its fine but it has many problem continuously going off line. Having to continuously restarting the wireless process is a drag.
R2RCJNJFA35FK9	Eddie	1	When its working its fine but it has many problem continuously going off line. Having to continuously restarting the wireless process is a drag.
R2RIPQJVO48B4Y	547	2	"Arrived in excellent shape however connector is very touchy and it is hard to keep a connection. Might be my phone, however other chargers connect and charge with no issues."
R2RIPQJVO48B4Y	Eddie	2	"Arrived in excellent shape however connector is very touchy and it is hard to keep a connection. Might be my phone, however other chargers connect and charge with no issues."
R2RLPQRNW2TADW	547	2	"It It does have may great features, but there are some I wish t had. I wish that the Appstore had a bigger selection like Google play, there are many apps I can get on android than I can get on this device, like Instagram, or the Time Warner Cable app, there are many more I can think of, but these are just a few. Also in your next model, I'm sure if you had a rear facing camera, sales would go through the roof!"
R2RLPQRNW2TADW	Eddie	2	"It It does have may great features, but there are some I wish t had. I wish that the Appstore had a bigger selection like Google play, there are many apps I can get on android than I can get on this device, like Instagram, or the Time Warner Cable app, there are many more I can think of, but these are just a few. Also in your next model, I'm sure if you had a rear facing camera, sales would go through the roof!"
R2RVHZTWR3GDF6	547	4	"This product is fairly decent.  I bought it in place of a laptop to make school easier since it is light and easily stored in a book bag.  Unfortunately, I have had a few problems with it.  For example, I have had many problems with it having programs and applications stop working, or I have had times where I am unable to select things on it.  I also, after just a few weeks of ownership, have noticed that the pre-loaded applications take up close to half the memory provided.  A real good description for it is that this device is everything a Android smart phone is, minus the calling and texting.  If I had known it was going to be like this, I personally would not have purchased it.  Over all, the price of this tablet and the matching keyboard came to just barely $100 less than the laptop I was considering.  This product may be right for someone, but not me since the Android phone I currently have has the same features as this and I really do not need two devices so similar."
R2RVHZTWR3GDF6	Eddie	4	"This product is fairly decent.  I bought it in place of a laptop to make school easier since it is light and easily stored in a book bag.  Unfortunately, I have had a few problems with it.  For example, I have had many problems with it having programs and applications stop working, or I have had times where I am unable to select things on it.  I also, after just a few weeks of ownership, have noticed that the pre-loaded applications take up close to half the memory provided.  A real good description for it is that this device is everything a Android smart phone is, minus the calling and texting.  If I had known it was going to be like this, I personally would not have purchased it.  Over all, the price of this tablet and the matching keyboard came to just barely $100 less than the laptop I was considering.  This product may be right for someone, but not me since the Android phone I currently have has the same features as this and I really do not need two devices so similar."
R2S16PILCHZJ98	547	0	Bought these refurbished. No problems so far. I didn't expect them to be 6 or 8 years old. Seller did make good with a price adjustment.
R2S16PILCHZJ98	Eddie	1	Bought these refurbished. No problems so far. I didn't expect them to be 6 or 8 years old. Seller did make good with a price adjustment.
R2S3I0JYCNGGKJ	547	1	"Just got this case today and wish I had read these reviews a little more closely before ordering.  The case is a good value for the money,  but as others have indicated here there are some usability issues with usability. First of which is the strip of leather above the home button interferes with any application being used in landscape mode that has onscreen controls just above the home button such as in the Outlook application. Additionally, as others have stated the back cover attaches only at the hinge side and  when using the handhold is somewhat saggy and loose feeling. Overall the case fits very well and seems to be of good quality.  With on 2 minor design changes this would be an unbeatable case for the price."
R2S3I0JYCNGGKJ	Eddie	2	"Just got this case today and wish I had read these reviews a little more closely before ordering.  The case is a good value for the money,  but as others have indicated here there are some usability issues with usability. First of which is the strip of leather above the home button interferes with any application being used in landscape mode that has onscreen controls just above the home button such as in the Outlook application. Additionally, as others have stated the back cover attaches only at the hinge side and  when using the handhold is somewhat saggy and loose feeling. Overall the case fits very well and seems to be of good quality.  With on 2 minor design changes this would be an unbeatable case for the price."
R2S5X3RJDJ6VJU	547	4	"The positives:<br /><br />The 1080p IPS screen is genuinely semi-mat & similar in quality to previous IPS screens I have had on high end laptops. No noticeable stuck or dead pixels. Reflections are noticeable but not obtrusive in a bright room ( but much less than the Macbook Pro Retina screen which is still quite reflective & unusable to my eyes). Minus points for being widescreen 16x9 ratio though. 16x10 is still better for browsing & photo editing.<br /><br />Speakers are sufficiently loud and clear for watching a movie in a quiet room but not really loud enough for party music.<br /><br />The keyboard is quite usable with reasonable key travel & little keyboard flex though they do wobble a bit. From a low angle when lying in bed the led's under the backlit keys shine in your eyes. Thankfully the keyboard lights can be switched off.<br /><br />Negatives:<br /><br />As shipped the DB71 comes with 4GB of RAM and an old fashioned Hard Drive making it a bit sluggish in use. Doesn't feel much faster than my old XP Netbook in regular use.<br />Thankfully the ram is user upgradable & after upgrading it to the max of 10GB, windows seems much snapper. With faster SSD drives dropping in price that will be my next upgrade, should really be standard though.<br /><br />Screen Backlight bleed. you can see the leds along the bottom edge of the screen in dark scenes & can move the bleeding by sliding your finger along the very flexible bezel.<br /><br />The bottom cover flexes and if something heavy where placed on it it feels like it would deform. 1st Notebook I have had that gives me concern it would not survive sitting on the bottom of my carry on bag.<br /><br />the large right angled Power connector feels like an accident waiting to happen & could snap if caught at the wrong angle. Hoping someone comes up with a third party connector or extension cable.<br /><br />the WiFi has lower signal strength & is slower by 40% than my 3 year old Compaq Mini Netbook on 2.4ghz frequency.  Luckily my home router has 5ghz support & I was able to improve throughput by using that instead."
R2S5X3RJDJ6VJU	Eddie	4	"The positives:<br /><br />The 1080p IPS screen is genuinely semi-mat & similar in quality to previous IPS screens I have had on high end laptops. No noticeable stuck or dead pixels. Reflections are noticeable but not obtrusive in a bright room ( but much less than the Macbook Pro Retina screen which is still quite reflective & unusable to my eyes). Minus points for being widescreen 16x9 ratio though. 16x10 is still better for browsing & photo editing.<br /><br />Speakers are sufficiently loud and clear for watching a movie in a quiet room but not really loud enough for party music.<br /><br />The keyboard is quite usable with reasonable key travel & little keyboard flex though they do wobble a bit. From a low angle when lying in bed the led's under the backlit keys shine in your eyes. Thankfully the keyboard lights can be switched off.<br /><br />Negatives:<br /><br />As shipped the DB71 comes with 4GB of RAM and an old fashioned Hard Drive making it a bit sluggish in use. Doesn't feel much faster than my old XP Netbook in regular use.<br />Thankfully the ram is user upgradable & after upgrading it to the max of 10GB, windows seems much snapper. With faster SSD drives dropping in price that will be my next upgrade, should really be standard though.<br /><br />Screen Backlight bleed. you can see the leds along the bottom edge of the screen in dark scenes & can move the bleeding by sliding your finger along the very flexible bezel.<br /><br />The bottom cover flexes and if something heavy where placed on it it feels like it would deform. 1st Notebook I have had that gives me concern it would not survive sitting on the bottom of my carry on bag.<br /><br />the large right angled Power connector feels like an accident waiting to happen & could snap if caught at the wrong angle. Hoping someone comes up with a third party connector or extension cable.<br /><br />the WiFi has lower signal strength & is slower by 40% than my 3 year old Compaq Mini Netbook on 2.4ghz frequency.  Luckily my home router has 5ghz support & I was able to improve throughput by using that instead."
R2SRC5Y7MQ0U29	547	1	My oldest daughter has maxed the 8G storage space. How do you remove some of the downloads so she can download something else she wants? Is there any way to upgrade the storage space?
R2SRC5Y7MQ0U29	Eddie	1	My oldest daughter has maxed the 8G storage space. How do you remove some of the downloads so she can download something else she wants? Is there any way to upgrade the storage space?
R2T6PFHNHFKHCM	547	2	Its an good tablet for younger users but it lacks flexibility as you cannot run Google apps and many others that are available on a regular android distro. You can sideload apps to some degree but cannot get hangouts working for example.  Also they disable ADB so you cannot root the device.  Also if you plan to use free time you have to have a separate parent account and a limited child account. Great for young kids but not so great for older kids that may not need as many restrictions.  Gets annoying as you may have to jump back and forth between profiles unnecessarily. The freetime is nice along with the warranty. The 8gb does kinda stink. In the end I would have to say great for young kids and less ideal for older.  If your kid Is older suggest a normal fire or nexus tablet.
R2T6PFHNHFKHCM	Eddie	3	Its an good tablet for younger users but it lacks flexibility as you cannot run Google apps and many others that are available on a regular android distro. You can sideload apps to some degree but cannot get hangouts working for example.  Also they disable ADB so you cannot root the device.  Also if you plan to use free time you have to have a separate parent account and a limited child account. Great for young kids but not so great for older kids that may not need as many restrictions.  Gets annoying as you may have to jump back and forth between profiles unnecessarily. The freetime is nice along with the warranty. The 8gb does kinda stink. In the end I would have to say great for young kids and less ideal for older.  If your kid Is older suggest a normal fire or nexus tablet.
R2T73D9RHUD547	547	3	"I was very satisfied with this bag until the fabric loop that the shoulder strap attaches to ripped off just a few months after purchase (and also just a few days outside of my return window with Amazon).  I'll have it repaired, but I was definitely not expecting this from normal use after so short a time.  I've also been using the bag with a 13&#34; Macbook Air rather than a Macbook Pro, so it was carrying a lighter load than it might have been.<br /><br />Otherwise, I appreciate the bag's qualities, particularly the outside Kindle pocket.  I'm able to keep my Kindle in a cover and it still fits.  My Macbook Air can slide around quite a bit inside, but I still feel it's well protected by the padding of the interior pocket.  I would have given this item a higher rating if the fabric loop hadn't torn."
R2T73D9RHUD547	Eddie	4	"I was very satisfied with this bag until the fabric loop that the shoulder strap attaches to ripped off just a few months after purchase (and also just a few days outside of my return window with Amazon).  I'll have it repaired, but I was definitely not expecting this from normal use after so short a time.  I've also been using the bag with a 13&#34; Macbook Air rather than a Macbook Pro, so it was carrying a lighter load than it might have been.<br /><br />Otherwise, I appreciate the bag's qualities, particularly the outside Kindle pocket.  I'm able to keep my Kindle in a cover and it still fits.  My Macbook Air can slide around quite a bit inside, but I still feel it's well protected by the padding of the interior pocket.  I would have given this item a higher rating if the fabric loop hadn't torn."
R2T8JFHFE5ZX1P	547	1	I purchase this battery for my Dell XPS M1330 and for the price it was very reasonable compared to a battery purchase from Dell.  Battery will last approx 1 1/2 hour only but that is ok considering the price.  It does not last as long as advertise but you get what you pay for.  If you are a traveler and require more battery life then you need to purchase the battery from Dell otherwise this one will suit you fine.
R2T8JFHFE5ZX1P	Eddie	2	I purchase this battery for my Dell XPS M1330 and for the price it was very reasonable compared to a battery purchase from Dell.  Battery will last approx 1 1/2 hour only but that is ok considering the price.  It does not last as long as advertise but you get what you pay for.  If you are a traveler and require more battery life then you need to purchase the battery from Dell otherwise this one will suit you fine.
R2T8R6MQBRPEY5	547	3	"My six year old loves this little tablet its perfect for her. There are a few issue some of her paid for apps don't work like Mickeys Illusion. There are are a few issue there is extreme light leakage, and it lags. However the shifts for screens to apps its good... Its pretty fast of the price and I would recommend this product for a 5-8 to year old. This not a tablet for adult users some of the apps the adults users use will not work but if this is used just for suffering the web its very good."
R2T8R6MQBRPEY5	Eddie	3	"My six year old loves this little tablet its perfect for her. There are a few issue some of her paid for apps don't work like Mickeys Illusion. There are are a few issue there is extreme light leakage, and it lags. However the shifts for screens to apps its good... Its pretty fast of the price and I would recommend this product for a 5-8 to year old. This not a tablet for adult users some of the apps the adults users use will not work but if this is used just for suffering the web its very good."
R2TDKKL5C6IWQ2	547	1	"I put this on my iPad, followed the instructions down to the T. iPad was brand new, right out of the box. There are two bubbles that I can't get rid of. Instructions stated it will go away In a few days. It's been 3 and still there. Would recommend but hopefully You have better luck installing than me."
R2TDKKL5C6IWQ2	Eddie	1	"I put this on my iPad, followed the instructions down to the T. iPad was brand new, right out of the box. There are two bubbles that I can't get rid of. Instructions stated it will go away In a few days. It's been 3 and still there. Would recommend but hopefully You have better luck installing than me."
R2TNECIR3PNTTY	547	1	"Search bar distorts the words, hate that"
R2TNECIR3PNTTY	Eddie	1	"Search bar distorts the words, hate that"
R2U2XLLKLHOW05	547	1	"Just from my personal experience, this drve is slow on every computer I have tried it on. Laptops, Desktops, Etc. But its fast on my smartphone."
R2U2XLLKLHOW05	Eddie	1	"Just from my personal experience, this drve is slow on every computer I have tried it on. Laptops, Desktops, Etc. But its fast on my smartphone."
R2UG3E6DHB7WNX	547	1	This is the second asus I had die on me within a week of getting it. The first showed up sorta DOA (repeated blue screens of death out of the box). ASUS is usually really good but 2 dud's in a row so I'm looking elsewhere for my next gaming machine.
R2UG3E6DHB7WNX	Eddie	1	This is the second asus I had die on me within a week of getting it. The first showed up sorta DOA (repeated blue screens of death out of the box). ASUS is usually really good but 2 dud's in a row so I'm looking elsewhere for my next gaming machine.
R2UMFWQUW7Q4OM	547	3	"I occasionally work in a dim environment, so I bought these stickers for my laptop.  They DO stand out much better than my normal keyboard's lettering did and I was able to see my keys very well. They're fairly easy to apply if not a bit time consuming; I was able to remove and realign stickers if I didn't get it right the first time. If you're concerned, this did come with a sticker for every single key except my \\""Fn\\"" button.<br /><br />That being said, I've had mine for a little over a month now and my frequently used key stickers are wearing out: 'A', 'E', 'C', and 'SHIFT' now have white spots on the keys.  Soon it's going to look silly and I'm going to have to peel them off and work on getting rid of the adhesive residue, which I don't look forward to.<br /><br />Long story short: great if you use it on a keyboard for moderate use. Not good if you use it for a work or student computer/laptop."
R2UMFWQUW7Q4OM	Eddie	3	"I occasionally work in a dim environment, so I bought these stickers for my laptop.  They DO stand out much better than my normal keyboard's lettering did and I was able to see my keys very well. They're fairly easy to apply if not a bit time consuming; I was able to remove and realign stickers if I didn't get it right the first time. If you're concerned, this did come with a sticker for every single key except my \\""Fn\\"" button.<br /><br />That being said, I've had mine for a little over a month now and my frequently used key stickers are wearing out: 'A', 'E', 'C', and 'SHIFT' now have white spots on the keys.  Soon it's going to look silly and I'm going to have to peel them off and work on getting rid of the adhesive residue, which I don't look forward to.<br /><br />Long story short: great if you use it on a keyboard for moderate use. Not good if you use it for a work or student computer/laptop."
R2V7X601R3Y7A5	547	1	Perfect for child gaming needs.
R2V7X601R3Y7A5	Eddie	1	Perfect for child gaming needs.
R2VBSR41VJGHWE	547	1	This is a low quality tablet. First the colors on this tablet go crazy when you enter some apps/games. They go grey. But the shipping was fast. Everything was in the package.
R2VBSR41VJGHWE	Eddie	1	This is a low quality tablet. First the colors on this tablet go crazy when you enter some apps/games. They go grey. But the shipping was fast. Everything was in the package.
R2VMSNB7071A5N	547	1	"Corsair is known for quality products and I currently utilize many Corsair products in my PC - Memory, CPU Cooling, Speakers, K70 Non RGB Keyboard-(Which works like a champ). Thought that this keyboard would make a great upgrade. That said - The fact is the keyboard has hardware and software issues that are far from minimal.<br /><br />No Lights on boot - Lights come on when windows loads<br />Not good if you need your keyboard when in the Bios or Doing anything that is not Windows related.<br /><br />USB Error in Device Manager<br />Windows does not like something about the hardware of this keyboard and refuses it's operation.<br />I tested this issue on two PC's.<br /><br />Software seems to still be in  Beta Form<br />Yes the software is complex and right now very buggy<br /><br />Constant Malfunction Error<br />Software and or Hardware issues where you have to physically disconnect/reconnect to get normal function<br /><br />I reached out to Corsair support and I was told they are working on the issues.<br />I signed up and monitored the Corsair Forum to keep up with any progress or solutions.<br />Maybe I will look at this again in the future, but for now I can't hold onto what I regard as a Beta Product.<br />So my 30 days were fast approaching and yes I am sad to have to return this."
R2VMSNB7071A5N	Eddie	2	"Corsair is known for quality products and I currently utilize many Corsair products in my PC - Memory, CPU Cooling, Speakers, K70 Non RGB Keyboard-(Which works like a champ). Thought that this keyboard would make a great upgrade. That said - The fact is the keyboard has hardware and software issues that are far from minimal.<br /><br />No Lights on boot - Lights come on when windows loads<br />Not good if you need your keyboard when in the Bios or Doing anything that is not Windows related.<br /><br />USB Error in Device Manager<br />Windows does not like something about the hardware of this keyboard and refuses it's operation.<br />I tested this issue on two PC's.<br /><br />Software seems to still be in  Beta Form<br />Yes the software is complex and right now very buggy<br /><br />Constant Malfunction Error<br />Software and or Hardware issues where you have to physically disconnect/reconnect to get normal function<br /><br />I reached out to Corsair support and I was told they are working on the issues.<br />I signed up and monitored the Corsair Forum to keep up with any progress or solutions.<br />Maybe I will look at this again in the future, but for now I can't hold onto what I regard as a Beta Product.<br />So my 30 days were fast approaching and yes I am sad to have to return this."
R2W24CBD9BH9DV	547	3	"I use the mouse on a MacBook Pro. The Synapse 2.0 software was easy to set up and configure the mouse. I set the keys to \\""Num\\"" because the number keypad was mostly unassigned in the software and games I use. I have a few quibbles, though which keep this good mouse from being a great mouse. First of all, of course, it is incredibly ugly. Razer -- I don't know what these people are on, but all their products all look as if designed to appeal to 10 year old Darth Vader wannabes. Darth is last century, for crying out loud.<br /><br />Okay, the mouse itself is very responsive. The hex layout on the side is  great. I don't strain trying to reach any of those keys. However, the mouse 4 and 5 keys are very awkwardly placed, even if you use a claw grip (which itself is tiring). This might not seem such a big deal, but the mouse 4 and 5 keys are among the most frequently used keys in a lot of software."
R2W24CBD9BH9DV	Eddie	3	"I use the mouse on a MacBook Pro. The Synapse 2.0 software was easy to set up and configure the mouse. I set the keys to \\""Num\\"" because the number keypad was mostly unassigned in the software and games I use. I have a few quibbles, though which keep this good mouse from being a great mouse. First of all, of course, it is incredibly ugly. Razer -- I don't know what these people are on, but all their products all look as if designed to appeal to 10 year old Darth Vader wannabes. Darth is last century, for crying out loud.<br /><br />Okay, the mouse itself is very responsive. The hex layout on the side is  great. I don't strain trying to reach any of those keys. However, the mouse 4 and 5 keys are very awkwardly placed, even if you use a claw grip (which itself is tiring). This might not seem such a big deal, but the mouse 4 and 5 keys are among the most frequently used keys in a lot of software."
R2WQVRW9LG60K4	547	2	"It's okay for 15 bucks. It definitely is NOT leather, but I didn't think it really would be at that price. It's bulkier than I would like. I really like my tab for reading books and this is a little cumbersome for that. I like all the sleeker, lighter options they have for the ereaders (Kindles, Nooks, etc.) but there just aren't as many options for the Galaxy tab. It does set up nice in the landscape view as an easel if you wanna watch movies or whatever, but as far as using it as a handheld device for reading, I'm hoping something thinner and better comes along."
R2WQVRW9LG60K4	Eddie	2	"It's okay for 15 bucks. It definitely is NOT leather, but I didn't think it really would be at that price. It's bulkier than I would like. I really like my tab for reading books and this is a little cumbersome for that. I like all the sleeker, lighter options they have for the ereaders (Kindles, Nooks, etc.) but there just aren't as many options for the Galaxy tab. It does set up nice in the landscape view as an easel if you wanna watch movies or whatever, but as far as using it as a handheld device for reading, I'm hoping something thinner and better comes along."
R2WW2NTM26BHDJ	547	4	"Fast, lightweight, and a very nice looking display. The only disappointment is you have to have a cloud ready printer, guess the printer I recently bought is garbage because it uses a usb connection. You can use the usb printer but it has to be connected to another computer running Windows. I got a chromebook to get away from Windows, nice try Google but you might want to consider supporting usb devices or tell your partners they might as well skip a usb port... I wonder what other devices chrome doesn't work with."
R2WW2NTM26BHDJ	Eddie	4	"Fast, lightweight, and a very nice looking display. The only disappointment is you have to have a cloud ready printer, guess the printer I recently bought is garbage because it uses a usb connection. You can use the usb printer but it has to be connected to another computer running Windows. I got a chromebook to get away from Windows, nice try Google but you might want to consider supporting usb devices or tell your partners they might as well skip a usb port... I wonder what other devices chrome doesn't work with."
R2WW3M0N1P94ZP	547	1	It would be too much of a pain to return. Doesn't work at all with Galaxy S4. I should have read other reviews more carefully. After the company saw my review they refund my money. So I have to give them some credit.
R2WW3M0N1P94ZP	Eddie	1	It would be too much of a pain to return. Doesn't work at all with Galaxy S4. I should have read other reviews more carefully. After the company saw my review they refund my money. So I have to give them some credit.
R2WYXQWG9DT8F	547	4	"Just  got this bag and already have a couple of issues. If you don't keep a laptop or at least a tablet in the bag it will fall forward when you put it down. This bugs the crap out of me and may be a deal breaker. Also , for a bag well over a hundred dollars there are some very cheap feeling plastic parts on the bag. Mainly the clips on the buckles and the hardware holding the strap to the bag. The strap and pad on the bag feel pretty cheap also.    ** Ended up returning bag. The olive color shown is nothing like the actual color of bag, which  looks more like mint green, especially in daylight or fluorescent. Also for me it's a hassle to always have to unbuckle the flap to get at the pockets underneath. This in addition to it always falling over every time I put it down"
R2WYXQWG9DT8F	Eddie	3	"Just  got this bag and already have a couple of issues. If you don't keep a laptop or at least a tablet in the bag it will fall forward when you put it down. This bugs the crap out of me and may be a deal breaker. Also , for a bag well over a hundred dollars there are some very cheap feeling plastic parts on the bag. Mainly the clips on the buckles and the hardware holding the strap to the bag. The strap and pad on the bag feel pretty cheap also.    ** Ended up returning bag. The olive color shown is nothing like the actual color of bag, which  looks more like mint green, especially in daylight or fluorescent. Also for me it's a hassle to always have to unbuckle the flap to get at the pockets underneath. This in addition to it always falling over every time I put it down"
R2XDFZNWTV601G	547	2	I really like the built in light feature and the lightweight of the paperwhite. I thought the battery would last longer than six days. I believe it was advertised to last up to two to three weeks.
R2XDFZNWTV601G	Eddie	2	I really like the built in light feature and the lightweight of the paperwhite. I thought the battery would last longer than six days. I believe it was advertised to last up to two to three weeks.
R2XIVPO3S5VPLB	547	3	"Pros:   I don't think you'll find a better budget KVM switch. It is very easy to setup. The software is quite simple; very basic/no frills.  Exactly what I expect from a something in this price range. The KVM switch itself is not cheap looking by any means. It's made of good quality plastic and the cables that are sent with it are pretty good too. It takes about 2-4 seconds to switch between PCs. Quite acceptable from a USB KVM switch. If this were a PS2 connection I'm sure it'd be much faster.    Cons:   It looks like it was designed to be smaller and take up less space, however because of the positioning of the ports the cables make this thing about 4-6 inches in diameter. I would have preferred it be wider and all the ports be in the back. Also, there is no way to mount it to a surface. So you're stuck with leaving it laying on your desk with the wires going everywhere. You could leave it laying behind your desk but I like using the buttons on top of it versus the keyboard. It also does not work well with my Logitech MX300 mouse. The scroll wheel works intermittently. All other features on my mouse work fine including middle mouse button click via the scroll wheel. I contacted tech support on through their online help desk. Their responses were professional but did take a few hours. They could not offer me any solutions and suggested I try a different mouse. A microsoft optical mouse works just fine. While they did not offer to fix the KVM they told me I would need to purchase a different mouse.  No big deal, I need a new one anyway. :)    Summary:  Despite the mouse problems and the mediocre port design this is a very good budget KVM. It suits my needs and gets the job done efficiently. The age old question to the salesman is \\""Would you recommend one to your parents?\\"".  Yes, indeed I would."
R2XIVPO3S5VPLB	Eddie	4	"Pros:   I don't think you'll find a better budget KVM switch. It is very easy to setup. The software is quite simple; very basic/no frills.  Exactly what I expect from a something in this price range. The KVM switch itself is not cheap looking by any means. It's made of good quality plastic and the cables that are sent with it are pretty good too. It takes about 2-4 seconds to switch between PCs. Quite acceptable from a USB KVM switch. If this were a PS2 connection I'm sure it'd be much faster.    Cons:   It looks like it was designed to be smaller and take up less space, however because of the positioning of the ports the cables make this thing about 4-6 inches in diameter. I would have preferred it be wider and all the ports be in the back. Also, there is no way to mount it to a surface. So you're stuck with leaving it laying on your desk with the wires going everywhere. You could leave it laying behind your desk but I like using the buttons on top of it versus the keyboard. It also does not work well with my Logitech MX300 mouse. The scroll wheel works intermittently. All other features on my mouse work fine including middle mouse button click via the scroll wheel. I contacted tech support on through their online help desk. Their responses were professional but did take a few hours. They could not offer me any solutions and suggested I try a different mouse. A microsoft optical mouse works just fine. While they did not offer to fix the KVM they told me I would need to purchase a different mouse.  No big deal, I need a new one anyway. :)    Summary:  Despite the mouse problems and the mediocre port design this is a very good budget KVM. It suits my needs and gets the job done efficiently. The age old question to the salesman is \\""Would you recommend one to your parents?\\"".  Yes, indeed I would."
R2XN2I4AY295R3	547	2	"I bought two of these. The first one runs great, no problems at all. The second one would not shut off. You press the power button, and it says it's going to power off but all it does is restart. Also google play icon was ineffectual, all I got was a blank screen. I tried to uninstall and replace it, but the system said no, and refused my request. I had to return the second one. I'll wait for it to be refunded to my account, and then buy a third hoping it is more like the first. If these are truly refurbished......................I know..... quality control. Or more like a lot less quality, and a very little control."
R2XN2I4AY295R3	Eddie	2	"I bought two of these. The first one runs great, no problems at all. The second one would not shut off. You press the power button, and it says it's going to power off but all it does is restart. Also google play icon was ineffectual, all I got was a blank screen. I tried to uninstall and replace it, but the system said no, and refused my request. I had to return the second one. I'll wait for it to be refunded to my account, and then buy a third hoping it is more like the first. If these are truly refurbished......................I know..... quality control. Or more like a lot less quality, and a very little control."
R2Y7NOO4VFRSY5	547	1	For some reason after about a month of owning this motherboard the bois would not implement any of the settings I changed. Let me tell you this is a very frustrating thing to happen when trying to overclock your system when every time you change a setting and save it non of it would actually change. After updating the bois it helped a little bit however to this day I still can't change profile settings in the bois because it will not actually implement them.
R2Y7NOO4VFRSY5	Eddie	2	For some reason after about a month of owning this motherboard the bois would not implement any of the settings I changed. Let me tell you this is a very frustrating thing to happen when trying to overclock your system when every time you change a setting and save it non of it would actually change. After updating the bois it helped a little bit however to this day I still can't change profile settings in the bois because it will not actually implement them.
R2YJ1F64LHIEMJ	547	2	"The wireless Logitech headset overall is a good product. They are comfortable, adjustable, the mouthpiece is a good length, and I like the volume control on the right earpiece. I use it mainly as a communication device with my internet phone.<br /><br />I can hear the person I'm talking with perfectly, except sometimes they complain that they can't hear me. Even if I turn the input volume all the way up, they say that they can hear me better, but my voice sounds digitized at times. I wish the input quality was better. This could be because the device is wireless, not corded.<br /><br />FYI, I haven't yet used the supplied USB cord. I currently plug the USB antenna directly into a USB port on my computer. Maybe using the supplied cord to position the USB antenna at a different location would help? I need to try this first, before I can say that it will help."
R2YJ1F64LHIEMJ	Eddie	2	"The wireless Logitech headset overall is a good product. They are comfortable, adjustable, the mouthpiece is a good length, and I like the volume control on the right earpiece. I use it mainly as a communication device with my internet phone.<br /><br />I can hear the person I'm talking with perfectly, except sometimes they complain that they can't hear me. Even if I turn the input volume all the way up, they say that they can hear me better, but my voice sounds digitized at times. I wish the input quality was better. This could be because the device is wireless, not corded.<br /><br />FYI, I haven't yet used the supplied USB cord. I currently plug the USB antenna directly into a USB port on my computer. Maybe using the supplied cord to position the USB antenna at a different location would help? I need to try this first, before I can say that it will help."
R2YUJ4CLKHTN6C	547	1	The Good:<br />It plays Diablo 3 great. In performance mode I get 70-80 FPS with everything maxed out.<br /><br />The Bad:<br />Computer did not arrive on time. It actually sat for several days with a shipping label printed before UPS received it.<br /><br />Fans are super loud with a load on the CPU. At 3ft away they register at 80-85dB. I have to wear a headset to play games even with the CPU under the desk.<br /><br />On the initial boot received the non-genuine windows message. Tried doing the online verification but it failed several times. Finally had to call Microsoft customer service to resolve the issue.<br /><br />First 2 days running and have already received 2 BSOD errors. The program that appears to keep crashing it is the motherboard/CPU control software.
R2YUJ4CLKHTN6C	Eddie	3	The Good:<br />It plays Diablo 3 great. In performance mode I get 70-80 FPS with everything maxed out.<br /><br />The Bad:<br />Computer did not arrive on time. It actually sat for several days with a shipping label printed before UPS received it.<br /><br />Fans are super loud with a load on the CPU. At 3ft away they register at 80-85dB. I have to wear a headset to play games even with the CPU under the desk.<br /><br />On the initial boot received the non-genuine windows message. Tried doing the online verification but it failed several times. Finally had to call Microsoft customer service to resolve the issue.<br /><br />First 2 days running and have already received 2 BSOD errors. The program that appears to keep crashing it is the motherboard/CPU control software.
R2Z4KP9URU3622	547	2	"Arrived and tested DOA. Tested it a few times with different testers, and all read DOA. Inside the PC, and outside. All read dead. So, I go to fill out an RMA slip and decide to test it one last time. Low and behold, it tested fine. I installed it again and the computer booted up fine. I guess we'll see how it goes. Kind of strange.<br /><br />Cords are shrouded which is nice.<br /><br />CPU PWR is a bit short in an Apevia Dreamer X4 case."
R2Z4KP9URU3622	Eddie	2	"Arrived and tested DOA. Tested it a few times with different testers, and all read DOA. Inside the PC, and outside. All read dead. So, I go to fill out an RMA slip and decide to test it one last time. Low and behold, it tested fine. I installed it again and the computer booted up fine. I guess we'll see how it goes. Kind of strange.<br /><br />Cords are shrouded which is nice.<br /><br />CPU PWR is a bit short in an Apevia Dreamer X4 case."
R2ZB1SGH5QS185	547	3	"Because of the design of this unit, the suction cup will not come loose from the windshield no matter how heavy your tablet may be.  This is a great safety feature for your tablet.  However, because the arm needs to lay on the dash, it does move side so you need to Velcro it down to keep it stationary.  It's a nicely made plastic unit with several adjustment points.  I use it with a 1 1/2 lb. Asus 10.1 inch Transformer Tablet and it holds it nicely but with some vibration over rough roads.  I now have a 10 inch navigation device with weather, traffic, gas prices, rest areas and music, all at my finger tips."
R2ZB1SGH5QS185	Eddie	3	"Because of the design of this unit, the suction cup will not come loose from the windshield no matter how heavy your tablet may be.  This is a great safety feature for your tablet.  However, because the arm needs to lay on the dash, it does move side so you need to Velcro it down to keep it stationary.  It's a nicely made plastic unit with several adjustment points.  I use it with a 1 1/2 lb. Asus 10.1 inch Transformer Tablet and it holds it nicely but with some vibration over rough roads.  I now have a 10 inch navigation device with weather, traffic, gas prices, rest areas and music, all at my finger tips."
R2ZK4402RXEYZI	547	1	I originally bought this for my kids' kindles.  The first set was defective. I was sent a replacement set by the vendor and they are stronger.  I wish the plastic plug covers were more solid.
R2ZK4402RXEYZI	Eddie	2	I originally bought this for my kids' kindles.  The first set was defective. I was sent a replacement set by the vendor and they are stronger.  I wish the plastic plug covers were more solid.
R309HH0J2O47DM	547	2	"This screen protector did install better than any other. However, there is a grid/matrix of tiny dots. This is very noticeable when the screen is off or when using apps with white backgrounds(amazons app for example). I found thes dots too distracting to overcome. Therefore, it's going back.<br /><br />I think the first objective of any screen protector should be to have minimal impact on the screen appearance and performance. This protector doesn't do that we'll."
R309HH0J2O47DM	Eddie	2	"This screen protector did install better than any other. However, there is a grid/matrix of tiny dots. This is very noticeable when the screen is off or when using apps with white backgrounds(amazons app for example). I found thes dots too distracting to overcome. Therefore, it's going back.<br /><br />I think the first objective of any screen protector should be to have minimal impact on the screen appearance and performance. This protector doesn't do that we'll."
R30D9IBWWTG7HX	547	2	"I had picked this up in hopes of saving myself the trouble of running a cat-5 cable to my son's room for his xbox.  I have a Windows Home server with about 20 TB of data on it, as well as a media center PC that I use the three Xboxes in my house to extend to other TV's.  So I needed something that would give me enough speed to stream multimedia.  This was worth a shot, as I know someone who has another older, slower version that had great luck with it.<br /><br />Setup was simple.  Nothing to it, just plugged them in and it worked.  Doesn't get any simpler than that.<br /><br />But speeds, ugh...  Even on the same circuit (i.e. not going through the circuit box to another room or something), speeds were just horrible in my house.  Even my internet was faster, so this became the slow point for any network activity.  And I had problems streaming media over it.<br /><br />For someone who just wants to surf the web and check email and such without doing wireless or running cables, this will work perfectly.  But if you're hoping to save the effort of running cable and want to do more file based things, this may not suit your needs."
R30D9IBWWTG7HX	Eddie	2	"I had picked this up in hopes of saving myself the trouble of running a cat-5 cable to my son's room for his xbox.  I have a Windows Home server with about 20 TB of data on it, as well as a media center PC that I use the three Xboxes in my house to extend to other TV's.  So I needed something that would give me enough speed to stream multimedia.  This was worth a shot, as I know someone who has another older, slower version that had great luck with it.<br /><br />Setup was simple.  Nothing to it, just plugged them in and it worked.  Doesn't get any simpler than that.<br /><br />But speeds, ugh...  Even on the same circuit (i.e. not going through the circuit box to another room or something), speeds were just horrible in my house.  Even my internet was faster, so this became the slow point for any network activity.  And I had problems streaming media over it.<br /><br />For someone who just wants to surf the web and check email and such without doing wireless or running cables, this will work perfectly.  But if you're hoping to save the effort of running cable and want to do more file based things, this may not suit your needs."
R30VMJJA9ST8HO	547	1	"Should have read it more carefully  - Was only for 1 cufflink!?#***  Seller, re-think this  - Men have two cuffs  - just sayin...."
R30VMJJA9ST8HO	Eddie	0	"Should have read it more carefully  - Was only for 1 cufflink!?#***  Seller, re-think this  - Men have two cuffs  - just sayin...."
R30XEJGNGXLW4R	547	2	"it crashes a lot.  Eventually it works again, but it definitely freezes up regularly.  otherwise it works fine -- good battery life, picture."
R30XEJGNGXLW4R	Eddie	2	"it crashes a lot.  Eventually it works again, but it definitely freezes up regularly.  otherwise it works fine -- good battery life, picture."
R311MG0SH7W3EC	547	1	must say I like my Nook better - it has better lighting than the Kindle
R311MG0SH7W3EC	Eddie	1	must say I like my Nook better - it has better lighting than the Kindle
R31X4DVQWV2FUK	547	5	"I'm not as impressed as I had hoped I'd be with this cover after waiting so long for it.  The purple cover I purchased is a better purple in person, and I would describe the color as a little brighter than eggplant.  The cover attaches well and I like the centered light which is about the brightness I would have hoped for which is what bumped up my rating.  The device will stay securely in the back of the cover and is a great fit.  What I like the LEAST about the cover is the front cover itself.  It is lightweight, which would be great except that the cover is bowed and will not lay completely flat over the front of the Kindle like my old  Kindle 2 leather cover.  I have not decided if I want to return it yet.  I really wanted a cover with a light built in without elastic holding the Kindle in place.  I think the cost is too high with the flimsy top cover.  If it had elastic to hold it closed, I would probably be okay with it.<br /><br />------------<br /><br />After using the new cover for a couple of days, I've decided it is growing on me.  The top cover is still a concern for me, but if I'm careful when placing it in my bag everyday, my Kindle will be protected.  The light hurts my eyes unless I hold it at a steeper angle.  This is perfect when I'm working out on the Elliptical, but is going to take some getting used to when sitting in a chair.  I may need to prop it up better.<br /><br />Earlier, I said the cover was flimsy.  It is not flimsy.  It is stiff and lightweight.  It *seems* flimsy because of how it just flops closed and the edges don't lay down due to the bowing leather.  The lightweight cover is sturdy enough.  Overall, the cover is sleek.<br /><br />I would love for Amazon to tilt the light so the brightness from the bulb is not in my eyes at my preferred reading angle and for them to place some sort of elastic or magnetic closure on the side to make it easier to carry around and to get my mind off those raised edges.  I want to protect my device.<br /><br />Still going to keep it at three stars because the price is a bit steep, angle of the light, and bowed cover.cause the price is a bit steep, angle of the light, and bowed cover."
R31X4DVQWV2FUK	Eddie	5	"I'm not as impressed as I had hoped I'd be with this cover after waiting so long for it.  The purple cover I purchased is a better purple in person, and I would describe the color as a little brighter than eggplant.  The cover attaches well and I like the centered light which is about the brightness I would have hoped for which is what bumped up my rating.  The device will stay securely in the back of the cover and is a great fit.  What I like the LEAST about the cover is the front cover itself.  It is lightweight, which would be great except that the cover is bowed and will not lay completely flat over the front of the Kindle like my old  Kindle 2 leather cover.  I have not decided if I want to return it yet.  I really wanted a cover with a light built in without elastic holding the Kindle in place.  I think the cost is too high with the flimsy top cover.  If it had elastic to hold it closed, I would probably be okay with it.<br /><br />------------<br /><br />After using the new cover for a couple of days, I've decided it is growing on me.  The top cover is still a concern for me, but if I'm careful when placing it in my bag everyday, my Kindle will be protected.  The light hurts my eyes unless I hold it at a steeper angle.  This is perfect when I'm working out on the Elliptical, but is going to take some getting used to when sitting in a chair.  I may need to prop it up better.<br /><br />Earlier, I said the cover was flimsy.  It is not flimsy.  It is stiff and lightweight.  It *seems* flimsy because of how it just flops closed and the edges don't lay down due to the bowing leather.  The lightweight cover is sturdy enough.  Overall, the cover is sleek.<br /><br />I would love for Amazon to tilt the light so the brightness from the bulb is not in my eyes at my preferred reading angle and for them to place some sort of elastic or magnetic closure on the side to make it easier to carry around and to get my mind off those raised edges.  I want to protect my device.<br /><br />Still going to keep it at three stars because the price is a bit steep, angle of the light, and bowed cover.cause the price is a bit steep, angle of the light, and bowed cover."
R31X6B8AT21CLN	547	1	I really like the book bag but the seam came apart slightly after light use. It was five months after purchase.
R31X6B8AT21CLN	Eddie	1	I really like the book bag but the seam came apart slightly after light use. It was five months after purchase.
R321ZGBBF33B2K	547	2	I received the wrong item. I thought I was going to receive the one in the picture that is capable of being used with the smart cover. But instead I received the one for the iPad 2 that doesn't have the cutout for the smart cover. The leather had a much different texture then the smart cover and so I decided to return the item. It did look like a quality product it just wasn't the same product in the picture.
R321ZGBBF33B2K	Eddie	2	I received the wrong item. I thought I was going to receive the one in the picture that is capable of being used with the smart cover. But instead I received the one for the iPad 2 that doesn't have the cutout for the smart cover. The leather had a much different texture then the smart cover and so I decided to return the item. It did look like a quality product it just wasn't the same product in the picture.
R328TKILFMHEWX	547	2	This was my second screen after the first came with a crack in it. MLC & Amazon were great about the return (as they should be considering I RARELY return anything) but I'm disappointed because of the false advertising. Both screens that came stated SPECIFICALLY that this was a GLOSSY screen...it isn't. Neither of them were! They had the audacity to have a sticker on the packaging stating it was glossy but it is easy to tell that it's not. The replacement screen is of good quality and works fine but the deception about being glossy is not acceptable.
R328TKILFMHEWX	Eddie	2	This was my second screen after the first came with a crack in it. MLC & Amazon were great about the return (as they should be considering I RARELY return anything) but I'm disappointed because of the false advertising. Both screens that came stated SPECIFICALLY that this was a GLOSSY screen...it isn't. Neither of them were! They had the audacity to have a sticker on the packaging stating it was glossy but it is easy to tell that it's not. The replacement screen is of good quality and works fine but the deception about being glossy is not acceptable.
R32XQUFAN10JWO	547	3	"While it meets the specifications in size and ports, it hides the windows key<br />it slides down and partially covers the camera and you need to push the tablet a bit up to have clear cam"
R32XQUFAN10JWO	Eddie	3	"While it meets the specifications in size and ports, it hides the windows key<br />it slides down and partially covers the camera and you need to push the tablet a bit up to have clear cam"
R3317TY0BQEVOJ	547	1	It fits the Kindle and it is comfortable to hold but it is cloth and gets smudges. I've only had it a month and can tell that it will be filthy while traveling and carrying around with me.
R3317TY0BQEVOJ	Eddie	2	It fits the Kindle and it is comfortable to hold but it is cloth and gets smudges. I've only had it a month and can tell that it will be filthy while traveling and carrying around with me.
R33DSKQTOCP65K	547	1	"Great quality, but there was no warning about NO VESA screws located on the back of the monitor. So when I got it with my vertical mount to mount my older Acer and this Acer on them and found out that this model doesn't have VESA Screws and no full back panel picture on amazon, I was quite mad but rigged my setup to work instead of dealing with restocking fees and shipping it back to amazon...<br /><br />***DOESNT HAVE VESA Screws***"
R33DSKQTOCP65K	Eddie	1	"Great quality, but there was no warning about NO VESA screws located on the back of the monitor. So when I got it with my vertical mount to mount my older Acer and this Acer on them and found out that this model doesn't have VESA Screws and no full back panel picture on amazon, I was quite mad but rigged my setup to work instead of dealing with restocking fees and shipping it back to amazon...<br /><br />***DOESNT HAVE VESA Screws***"
R33F3VJJPSPASL	547	2	"The cover fits good, I'm a little disappointed with it because I thought it was a little harder.  It looks good though."
R33F3VJJPSPASL	Eddie	1	"The cover fits good, I'm a little disappointed with it because I thought it was a little harder.  It looks good though."
R33HLUFM04HQOB	547	1	"I had to return the case for the kindle WIFI from order 440250, as per phone conversation with agent. The case was to big for the new kindle and there was not a new version for the new Kindle. The RMA number I was given is 16523. I mailed it today, 9/13/10.    I was told $12.XX would be credited to my VISA account that I used to make the purchase.....    Thank You, Bernar5d Lopez... I cost me ~ $3.00 for return the item."
R33HLUFM04HQOB	Eddie	1	"I had to return the case for the kindle WIFI from order 440250, as per phone conversation with agent. The case was to big for the new kindle and there was not a new version for the new Kindle. The RMA number I was given is 16523. I mailed it today, 9/13/10.    I was told $12.XX would be credited to my VISA account that I used to make the purchase.....    Thank You, Bernar5d Lopez... I cost me ~ $3.00 for return the item."
R33U6NKVUXH8SE	547	3	"The mousepad didn't work on the first laptop I received, then Amazon shipped me the 2nd one (rather quickly I might add).  No problems, so far.  It's alittle big and it takes a good while to start up.  I think the computer would function alot better if HP removed all of their software crap, but what are you going to do.  Descent computer."
R33U6NKVUXH8SE	Eddie	3	"The mousepad didn't work on the first laptop I received, then Amazon shipped me the 2nd one (rather quickly I might add).  No problems, so far.  It's alittle big and it takes a good while to start up.  I think the computer would function alot better if HP removed all of their software crap, but what are you going to do.  Descent computer."
R33Z2IGCQRZKMQ	547	1	"If your wanting an ereader then it's great.  It runs slow on the internet,  keeps freezing and closing from errors while on the net"
R33Z2IGCQRZKMQ	Eddie	2	"If your wanting an ereader then it's great.  It runs slow on the internet,  keeps freezing and closing from errors while on the net"
R34SPS5BME99FL	547	2	"Very good image quality, but limited depth of field -- It's usable.<br />The provided software works on my Windows 7 64-bit, but not<br />the image appearance functions.  This has not proven to<br />be a problem."
R34SPS5BME99FL	Eddie	2	"Very good image quality, but limited depth of field -- It's usable.<br />The provided software works on my Windows 7 64-bit, but not<br />the image appearance functions.  This has not proven to<br />be a problem."
R34SWGBVL5EI73	547	2	"Very good price. Muffled sound. No highs. Good for for kids and their gaming, not for music."
R34SWGBVL5EI73	Eddie	1	"Very good price. Muffled sound. No highs. Good for for kids and their gaming, not for music."
R34V6UAXAGLNJG	547	2	"The compatibility list on this product doesn't seem to consider the power requirements. If your laptop needs to draw more than 65W, even if the model is listed in the description, then this adapter won't work. In my case I have a K53SV laptop and this adapter could only charge the laptop or run it (but not both)."
R34V6UAXAGLNJG	Eddie	2	"The compatibility list on this product doesn't seem to consider the power requirements. If your laptop needs to draw more than 65W, even if the model is listed in the description, then this adapter won't work. In my case I have a K53SV laptop and this adapter could only charge the laptop or run it (but not both)."
R352WFUT3CRWR1	547	0	It;s insurance you really do not need but if you do it is great to have.
R352WFUT3CRWR1	Eddie	0	It;s insurance you really do not need but if you do it is great to have.
R353ROVGY8O0V4	547	2	"The switched worked just like expected, but the cheap AV cable they included did not work simple fix and it works great!"
R353ROVGY8O0V4	Eddie	2	"The switched worked just like expected, but the cheap AV cable they included did not work simple fix and it works great!"
R3541WS4UC2AJT	547	3	"The Core i3 processor in this Acer chromebook makes it a great user experience. The notebook is the right size.<br /><br />The screen leaves something to be desired, specially for off-angle viewing. And the build quality is indicative of the price point. The keyboard is pretty abysmal.<br /><br />I would really like a chromebook that doesn't compromise on build quality, specially the keyboard. Add to that a quality ~11&#34; touchscreen display. Put a Core i3 or one of the new Core M processors in there along with 4GB or 8GB of memory. And you have a chromebook that you will want to use.<br /><br />The Lenovo Thinkpad Yoga Chromebook 11e delivers on most of this I think - everything but the processor."
R3541WS4UC2AJT	Eddie	4	"The Core i3 processor in this Acer chromebook makes it a great user experience. The notebook is the right size.<br /><br />The screen leaves something to be desired, specially for off-angle viewing. And the build quality is indicative of the price point. The keyboard is pretty abysmal.<br /><br />I would really like a chromebook that doesn't compromise on build quality, specially the keyboard. Add to that a quality ~11&#34; touchscreen display. Put a Core i3 or one of the new Core M processors in there along with 4GB or 8GB of memory. And you have a chromebook that you will want to use.<br /><br />The Lenovo Thinkpad Yoga Chromebook 11e delivers on most of this I think - everything but the processor."
R35D03F92HKJU0	547	1	"My son saved his money for months to make a big purchase.  He was choosing between kindle 8.9, xbox and laptop.  He chose kindle and has regretted it since he had it for a week.<br />Now, it keeps freezing up and going to a black screen and you can't turn it back on.  Then....days later...it will work again for a few days and then do the same thing again.  I am calling customer service tomorrow to see if we can get a refund.  We have had it one month and 2 days as of today.  I will let you know how good customer service takes care of this problem."
R35D03F92HKJU0	Eddie	1	"My son saved his money for months to make a big purchase.  He was choosing between kindle 8.9, xbox and laptop.  He chose kindle and has regretted it since he had it for a week.<br />Now, it keeps freezing up and going to a black screen and you can't turn it back on.  Then....days later...it will work again for a few days and then do the same thing again.  I am calling customer service tomorrow to see if we can get a refund.  We have had it one month and 2 days as of today.  I will let you know how good customer service takes care of this problem."
R35K05Q5QB4HC9	547	1	"The battery does not last as long as I had hoped. Only about an hour, hour and a half."
R35K05Q5QB4HC9	Eddie	1	"The battery does not last as long as I had hoped. Only about an hour, hour and a half."
R35L6R5L4O8QPX	547	1	"These are OEM drives with NO FACTORY WARRANTY.<br /><br />Amazon did not allow my original review, because they said my review wasn't about the item, but when the item is advertised as an Enterprise Drive (meaning a five year factory warranty) and that's NOT WHAT YOU GET, then I AM reviewing the product.<br /><br />Buyer beware."
R35L6R5L4O8QPX	Eddie	1	"These are OEM drives with NO FACTORY WARRANTY.<br /><br />Amazon did not allow my original review, because they said my review wasn't about the item, but when the item is advertised as an Enterprise Drive (meaning a five year factory warranty) and that's NOT WHAT YOU GET, then I AM reviewing the product.<br /><br />Buyer beware."
R35R0HHP7KNXB2	547	3	"This case was a reach for me. I decided to splurge on an expensive case with a nice window, because I figured I would have it for as long as there are parts running inside of it. I really love the way it looks and the window is gorgeous! When I got the parts for my build and the assembly was just about complete I realized it was going to be a nightmare to manage all the cables running in the back panel. The problem is that Corsair didn't put many slots or rings for pulling and tying cables to. The result was sub-par cable management, but visibility of the mess is minimal.<br /><br />On the other end, the front panel/dust filter of the case is just too brittle. The latches that keep it in place broke off of it maybe a week or two into actually having the case. I though I was clever and decided to super glue the latches back on. I guess I asked for it, but when I removed the front panel a few days later the latches came clean off. It is feasible to run the dust filter with out these latches since the actual clips haven't broken, but I'm afraid I'll break those too from poor leverage when dismounting the panel.<br /><br />There are a lot of cool features to this case, which is in fact a first generation. I think if Corsair gets another crack at this case then they'll get it done right. It's gorgeous and VERY radiator friendly and at the perfect size for a mid-grade build. It's the little design flaws that keep this from being a phenomenal case."
R35R0HHP7KNXB2	Eddie	3	"This case was a reach for me. I decided to splurge on an expensive case with a nice window, because I figured I would have it for as long as there are parts running inside of it. I really love the way it looks and the window is gorgeous! When I got the parts for my build and the assembly was just about complete I realized it was going to be a nightmare to manage all the cables running in the back panel. The problem is that Corsair didn't put many slots or rings for pulling and tying cables to. The result was sub-par cable management, but visibility of the mess is minimal.<br /><br />On the other end, the front panel/dust filter of the case is just too brittle. The latches that keep it in place broke off of it maybe a week or two into actually having the case. I though I was clever and decided to super glue the latches back on. I guess I asked for it, but when I removed the front panel a few days later the latches came clean off. It is feasible to run the dust filter with out these latches since the actual clips haven't broken, but I'm afraid I'll break those too from poor leverage when dismounting the panel.<br /><br />There are a lot of cool features to this case, which is in fact a first generation. I think if Corsair gets another crack at this case then they'll get it done right. It's gorgeous and VERY radiator friendly and at the perfect size for a mid-grade build. It's the little design flaws that keep this from being a phenomenal case."
R365XO78XY5QSC	547	1	The sides do not seal shut on the edges. Other than that it's a good case. Got it for a nexus 7 2013
R365XO78XY5QSC	Eddie	1	The sides do not seal shut on the edges. Other than that it's a good case. Got it for a nexus 7 2013
R36G1HVN02T0DN	547	1	"ive had mine barely a month and it has stopped working. amazon is replacing it, so i hope i dont have the same problem with the new. most reviews on here are good ones, so maybe us with bad reviews just got the few unlucky drives. and amazon has been great with return process. no hassle and immediate response to claim via email. thank you amazon"
R36G1HVN02T0DN	Eddie	1	"ive had mine barely a month and it has stopped working. amazon is replacing it, so i hope i dont have the same problem with the new. most reviews on here are good ones, so maybe us with bad reviews just got the few unlucky drives. and amazon has been great with return process. no hassle and immediate response to claim via email. thank you amazon"
R36KE0VWSPW2H5	547	4	"The Creative Soundblaster X-Fi Surround 5.1 Pro is a high-quality, great-sounding external USB soundcard.  In addition to the drivers, the equalizer software is pretty top-notch and allows you to really fine-tune the sound getting piped out to your speakers/headphones.<br /><br />Two flaws, one small and one big:  first, the front of the device has a built in blue-LED light which I found frustratingly bright-distracting.  I'm kind of anal about my workspace, but I often work at night in dim light and the LED (device stored at head-level) often seemed almost laser-pointer bright, enough so that I eventually moved the Soundblaster to the floor behind my computer.  The 2nd problem - which I was surprised to see nobody mention - is that the sound card picks up audio interference from some usb wi-fi adapters.  I have no idea why this is, but placing the device anywhere within 2 feet of my computers USB wi-fi receiver caused it to produce crackling/popping sounds until I relocated the adapter. Just something to keep in mind; it may be that only my specific Belkin adapter has the effect.  It took several infuriating hours of hissing and popping in my headphones before I was finally able to decipher that as the source of the problem.<br /><br />Now that I have everything set up so as not to interfere, however, I'm really happy with the sound that this product generates."
R36KE0VWSPW2H5	Eddie	4	"The Creative Soundblaster X-Fi Surround 5.1 Pro is a high-quality, great-sounding external USB soundcard.  In addition to the drivers, the equalizer software is pretty top-notch and allows you to really fine-tune the sound getting piped out to your speakers/headphones.<br /><br />Two flaws, one small and one big:  first, the front of the device has a built in blue-LED light which I found frustratingly bright-distracting.  I'm kind of anal about my workspace, but I often work at night in dim light and the LED (device stored at head-level) often seemed almost laser-pointer bright, enough so that I eventually moved the Soundblaster to the floor behind my computer.  The 2nd problem - which I was surprised to see nobody mention - is that the sound card picks up audio interference from some usb wi-fi adapters.  I have no idea why this is, but placing the device anywhere within 2 feet of my computers USB wi-fi receiver caused it to produce crackling/popping sounds until I relocated the adapter. Just something to keep in mind; it may be that only my specific Belkin adapter has the effect.  It took several infuriating hours of hissing and popping in my headphones before I was finally able to decipher that as the source of the problem.<br /><br />Now that I have everything set up so as not to interfere, however, I'm really happy with the sound that this product generates."
R36KOUZXNK135	547	3	"I had trouble getting Windows 7 x64 installed (Vista too). Corsair's tech support over the phone gave me an email address, they never emailed me back.    The solution seems to be that the drive must be plugged into sata 1 or 2 and the motherboard must be set to IDE raid mode. Windows will not run in AHCI mode without a registry change, the registry key is HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\System\CurrentControlSet\Services\Msahci there is a key called 'start' the value was set to 3, changed it to 0, now Windows will load with AHCI enabled on the motherboard (ahci allows for hot swapping of sata drives).  I was using a sata II drive for Windows, the windows experience index went from 5.4 to 6.9. with a very fast boot time. Linux Ubuntu x64 has a very incredible boot time.    Overall I am very pleased with the improvement of Windows performance. The seq read speeds have benchmarked (using Crystal Disk Mark 3) at 220.9 MB/s, the write speeds are not a high as a more expensive drive, 107 MB/s,. For the price with the rebate (if it comes) it is well worth it tho.    The other reviewer was having trouble with the drive, I have not had that issue of the drive needing to be unplugged for the bios to see it.    Only 3 stars because Corsair's tech support seems non existent."
R36KOUZXNK135	Eddie	3	"I had trouble getting Windows 7 x64 installed (Vista too). Corsair's tech support over the phone gave me an email address, they never emailed me back.    The solution seems to be that the drive must be plugged into sata 1 or 2 and the motherboard must be set to IDE raid mode. Windows will not run in AHCI mode without a registry change, the registry key is HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\System\CurrentControlSet\Services\Msahci there is a key called 'start' the value was set to 3, changed it to 0, now Windows will load with AHCI enabled on the motherboard (ahci allows for hot swapping of sata drives).  I was using a sata II drive for Windows, the windows experience index went from 5.4 to 6.9. with a very fast boot time. Linux Ubuntu x64 has a very incredible boot time.    Overall I am very pleased with the improvement of Windows performance. The seq read speeds have benchmarked (using Crystal Disk Mark 3) at 220.9 MB/s, the write speeds are not a high as a more expensive drive, 107 MB/s,. For the price with the rebate (if it comes) it is well worth it tho.    The other reviewer was having trouble with the drive, I have not had that issue of the drive needing to be unplugged for the bios to see it.    Only 3 stars because Corsair's tech support seems non existent."
R36YPLE6U5GAE9	547	1	"I love everything about it except that the on off switch and volume controls are on the back of the device instead of on the side like my Kindle Reader.  The cover I have for it is a generic one so it does not accommodate the controls on the back. I have not purchased a Kindle cover, but may have to as it's difficult to turn off and on."
R36YPLE6U5GAE9	Eddie	1	"I love everything about it except that the on off switch and volume controls are on the back of the device instead of on the side like my Kindle Reader.  The cover I have for it is a generic one so it does not accommodate the controls on the back. I have not purchased a Kindle cover, but may have to as it's difficult to turn off and on."
R379P5DG0PR1NN	547	1	"Works fine but don't think it is authentic as I noticed several small differences when I compared the original cable with this. In the photo, the top cable is the one bought and bottom is the original cable that came with the mouse. Judge for yourself."
R379P5DG0PR1NN	Eddie	1	"Works fine but don't think it is authentic as I noticed several small differences when I compared the original cable with this. In the photo, the top cable is the one bought and bottom is the original cable that came with the mouse. Judge for yourself."
R37SDN154H591F	547	4	"I really liked this notebook cooler because of the cool design and its efficiency (worked well and very quiet).  However, it was too big for my 15\\"" MacBook Pro.  The rubber feet on top were too far apart from each other and from the bottom rubber strip.  Also, the one I received was not perfectly flat.  There was a slight bump on the right side of the cooler, so one side of my laptop kept sliding, and I ended up returning the cooler.  I wish Zalman makes coolers specifically for Macs."
R37SDN154H591F	Eddie	4	"I really liked this notebook cooler because of the cool design and its efficiency (worked well and very quiet).  However, it was too big for my 15\\"" MacBook Pro.  The rubber feet on top were too far apart from each other and from the bottom rubber strip.  Also, the one I received was not perfectly flat.  There was a slight bump on the right side of the cooler, so one side of my laptop kept sliding, and I ended up returning the cooler.  I wish Zalman makes coolers specifically for Macs."
R37Z3KKS25XIPO	547	2	"I have a macbook air, and this keyboard cover looks super cute. Unfortunately the cover does not match they keys on the top row of the keyboard."
R37Z3KKS25XIPO	Eddie	2	"I have a macbook air, and this keyboard cover looks super cute. Unfortunately the cover does not match they keys on the top row of the keyboard."
R38L594XEB3V	547	1	"This is a smart, sturdy cover for the kindle with a very convenient reading light.  Having an integral light means that you have a light as long as the kindle is charged and prevents the occasion arising of forgetting to charge a light.  However, there are a couple of drawbacks: 1. At 200 grams the cover just about doubles the weight of the kindle and 2. the light might drain the kindle battery more rapidly than desirable."
R38L594XEB3V	Eddie	2	"This is a smart, sturdy cover for the kindle with a very convenient reading light.  Having an integral light means that you have a light as long as the kindle is charged and prevents the occasion arising of forgetting to charge a light.  However, there are a couple of drawbacks: 1. At 200 grams the cover just about doubles the weight of the kindle and 2. the light might drain the kindle battery more rapidly than desirable."
R38Z1FQTVWAF06	547	5	"I bought this arm so that I could view the monitor whether sitting down or standing up. I spend a lot of computer time sitting down, and it would be a relief to do some work standing up.<br />Unlike most arms out there, this one can have both arms swing up or down independently, thereby doulbing the height extension without adjusting a lever or screw at back of the monitor. It almost achieved my intented purpose. I'm 5'-5&#34; and at maximum height, it's about 3&#34; short from the ideal height I want it to be. The specs drawings shows 23.23&#34; max. height. I can only achieve about 21.5&#34; maximum, so about 1.75&#34; short. That would have been a big difference.<br />It's not the most expensive, but definitely not cheap either. I was considering Ergotron sit-stand solutions, but they were too expensive and impractical (the adjustable desk) for me.<br />The construction is solid. I mounted a 27&#34; Viewsonic LED monitor with built-in speakers, no problem. The tension settings are midway, so there's still a lot of weight capacity left.<br />The second main problem I had is the tilt adjustment. Once the tilt is set with the allen wrench, it can only be adjusted by using the allen wrench again. I thought that I could tilt it more when you're standing up, as that would have compensated for the few inches in vertical height.<br />The third problem was the arm rotation at its base. I want to clamp it as securely as possible, but if you tighten it too much, the bottom arm will not swing around the base clamp. So I loosened it a bit, and I'm sure it wasn't designed to be like that.<br />The fourth problem was the slack in the rotation of the monitor around the vesa attachment. You could see there was too much freeplay at the pivot plates (1/32&#34;?). It was meant to allow the monitor to be horizontal or vertical. I tried to use it without the vesa 200mm adaptor plate, and the monitor would not stay level. The adaptor plate centers and balances the monitor.<br />Inspiteall its deficiencies, it's still a keeper, until somebody can come up with a better arm that meets my expectations."
R38Z1FQTVWAF06	Eddie	5	"I bought this arm so that I could view the monitor whether sitting down or standing up. I spend a lot of computer time sitting down, and it would be a relief to do some work standing up.<br />Unlike most arms out there, this one can have both arms swing up or down independently, thereby doulbing the height extension without adjusting a lever or screw at back of the monitor. It almost achieved my intented purpose. I'm 5'-5&#34; and at maximum height, it's about 3&#34; short from the ideal height I want it to be. The specs drawings shows 23.23&#34; max. height. I can only achieve about 21.5&#34; maximum, so about 1.75&#34; short. That would have been a big difference.<br />It's not the most expensive, but definitely not cheap either. I was considering Ergotron sit-stand solutions, but they were too expensive and impractical (the adjustable desk) for me.<br />The construction is solid. I mounted a 27&#34; Viewsonic LED monitor with built-in speakers, no problem. The tension settings are midway, so there's still a lot of weight capacity left.<br />The second main problem I had is the tilt adjustment. Once the tilt is set with the allen wrench, it can only be adjusted by using the allen wrench again. I thought that I could tilt it more when you're standing up, as that would have compensated for the few inches in vertical height.<br />The third problem was the arm rotation at its base. I want to clamp it as securely as possible, but if you tighten it too much, the bottom arm will not swing around the base clamp. So I loosened it a bit, and I'm sure it wasn't designed to be like that.<br />The fourth problem was the slack in the rotation of the monitor around the vesa attachment. You could see there was too much freeplay at the pivot plates (1/32&#34;?). It was meant to allow the monitor to be horizontal or vertical. I tried to use it without the vesa 200mm adaptor plate, and the monitor would not stay level. The adaptor plate centers and balances the monitor.<br />Inspiteall its deficiencies, it's still a keeper, until somebody can come up with a better arm that meets my expectations."
R398VOYKMAUO0X	547	2	I got these for my Dell Venue 8 Pro. The charger port does not work for charging it. The two regular usb ports are nice for connecting an ethernet adapter and a wireless keypad-mouse combination device. Hopefully I will find something like this that also has a working charger port.
R398VOYKMAUO0X	Eddie	2	I got these for my Dell Venue 8 Pro. The charger port does not work for charging it. The two regular usb ports are nice for connecting an ethernet adapter and a wireless keypad-mouse combination device. Hopefully I will find something like this that also has a working charger port.
R39CNH9CRHXYW6	547	3	"If you don't already own a Dell Mini 9 you should.  It's a great machine.<br /><br />This bag is fine, but it really wasn't designed specifically for the mini9.  There are straps inside but they do nothing to secure the computer like any good laptop bag should.  Be sure to place the bag on a table first before opening, and check to make sure it's zipped up before lifting!<br /><br />My other complaint is that it was almost real work to shove the power cord into the accessory pocket.  It does fit but barely..  And I do suggest opening the bag's plastic packaging in an open-air environment.  The artificial leather does give off some fumes on the initial open.<br /><br />Overall the bag is not perfect but does fit the Mini 9 and its power cord for a reasonable price."
R39CNH9CRHXYW6	Eddie	3	"If you don't already own a Dell Mini 9 you should.  It's a great machine.<br /><br />This bag is fine, but it really wasn't designed specifically for the mini9.  There are straps inside but they do nothing to secure the computer like any good laptop bag should.  Be sure to place the bag on a table first before opening, and check to make sure it's zipped up before lifting!<br /><br />My other complaint is that it was almost real work to shove the power cord into the accessory pocket.  It does fit but barely..  And I do suggest opening the bag's plastic packaging in an open-air environment.  The artificial leather does give off some fumes on the initial open.<br /><br />Overall the bag is not perfect but does fit the Mini 9 and its power cord for a reasonable price."
R39SW010921D1B	547	2	"HIGH QUALITY-NEEDS HANDLE OF SORTS FOR ONE HAND USE. BLACK IS BEAUTIFUL, BUT QUITE INVISIBLE INSIDE THE HOUSE. I PREFER THE LATCH OF THE PAPERWHITE(MORE SECURE)"
R39SW010921D1B	Eddie	2	"HIGH QUALITY-NEEDS HANDLE OF SORTS FOR ONE HAND USE. BLACK IS BEAUTIFUL, BUT QUITE INVISIBLE INSIDE THE HOUSE. I PREFER THE LATCH OF THE PAPERWHITE(MORE SECURE)"
R39WOXRZBEYZ0N	547	5	"I have owned at least 1 of every model of Kindle device except the DX since they were released, so I have a lot of experience with them. I can say without a doubt in my mind that hardware wise, the Kindle Touch & Touch 3G are a huge backwards step from the Kindle Keyboard from a hardware & useability standpoint. It has no physical volume control for sound so what was a simple process to turn up/down the volume has become a complicated mulit-step(& unnecessary) process. There are no physical page turning buttons anymore but swipe doesn't work too well when your looking through the pages you have of books loaded on your device 'cause about half the time you open a book you didn't want rather than turn the page.<br /><br />Another weakness, & this is a software issue mostly, is that you can't look at PDFs in landscape mode which pretty much means it is useless for that & I need to look at a lot PDFs & I'm sure I'm not the only one. Huge step back from the Kindle Keyboard. Yes I like physical keyboards, I  even added one to my iPhone!<br /><br />Amazon, are you listening, if you want to create the perfect e-reader for the next version, take the Kindle Keyboard & make it a touchscreen, and retain the ability to have landscape mode. That way you'd have all the advantages of a touchscreen plus the advantages of physical buttons for those of us who prefer them or to make the device more user friendly. FYI mucjh of what I said above applies to the Kindle Fire too but in addition it direly needs text-to-speech capability also."
R39WOXRZBEYZ0N	Eddie	5	"I have owned at least 1 of every model of Kindle device except the DX since they were released, so I have a lot of experience with them. I can say without a doubt in my mind that hardware wise, the Kindle Touch & Touch 3G are a huge backwards step from the Kindle Keyboard from a hardware & useability standpoint. It has no physical volume control for sound so what was a simple process to turn up/down the volume has become a complicated mulit-step(& unnecessary) process. There are no physical page turning buttons anymore but swipe doesn't work too well when your looking through the pages you have of books loaded on your device 'cause about half the time you open a book you didn't want rather than turn the page.<br /><br />Another weakness, & this is a software issue mostly, is that you can't look at PDFs in landscape mode which pretty much means it is useless for that & I need to look at a lot PDFs & I'm sure I'm not the only one. Huge step back from the Kindle Keyboard. Yes I like physical keyboards, I  even added one to my iPhone!<br /><br />Amazon, are you listening, if you want to create the perfect e-reader for the next version, take the Kindle Keyboard & make it a touchscreen, and retain the ability to have landscape mode. That way you'd have all the advantages of a touchscreen plus the advantages of physical buttons for those of us who prefer them or to make the device more user friendly. FYI mucjh of what I said above applies to the Kindle Fire too but in addition it direly needs text-to-speech capability also."
R3A3XM0JKIMRWF	547	2	Not very bright and the bendable portion of the light is not sturdy enough to keep the light in the same position for any length of time.
R3A3XM0JKIMRWF	Eddie	2	Not very bright and the bendable portion of the light is not sturdy enough to keep the light in the same position for any length of time.
R3A6W3QILP0WFY	547	1	"Was not what I ordered, but it is all taken care of. Thank You for talking with me will shop again ."
R3A6W3QILP0WFY	Eddie	0	"Was not what I ordered, but it is all taken care of. Thank You for talking with me will shop again ."
R3ABBBMF5048Q5	547	0	The keyboard is okay! it looks cheap but it works ok and I got what I paid for. It was shipped slowly but packaged nicely! Thank you!
R3ABBBMF5048Q5	Eddie	0	The keyboard is okay! it looks cheap but it works ok and I got what I paid for. It was shipped slowly but packaged nicely! Thank you!
R3AO41BERJJMUT	547	2	"I gave this tablet ultimately to my daughter and got me a nexus 7 instead.  Here is why.  This tablet is good but it is slow and I mean noticeably slow.  I am used to Asus tablets and I have had great experience with them, I have a Samsung S3 and love it, but this tablet is just slower than anything.  It looks good, feels good, but it is a good starter tablet if you ask me.  Also, the 8gb of ram is definitely a constraint.  Believe me, you will fill that up quick.  Again, not a bad buy, just keep in mind there are other tablets that are better."
R3AO41BERJJMUT	Eddie	2	"I gave this tablet ultimately to my daughter and got me a nexus 7 instead.  Here is why.  This tablet is good but it is slow and I mean noticeably slow.  I am used to Asus tablets and I have had great experience with them, I have a Samsung S3 and love it, but this tablet is just slower than anything.  It looks good, feels good, but it is a good starter tablet if you ask me.  Also, the 8gb of ram is definitely a constraint.  Believe me, you will fill that up quick.  Again, not a bad buy, just keep in mind there are other tablets that are better."
R3B9PA7282TVE9	547	3	"Re: Netgear DGND3300 - MPEG stream dropping     I just installed a Netgear DGND3300 wireless router/DSL modem. I have an IP webcam on my LAN, the webcam streaming video as MPEG.  The DGND3300 keeps dropping the MPEG stream. I get about 40 seconds of the stream before it stops (leaving the browser screen with the last video frame, and no more sound).  It's not clear what is causing the stream to be interrupted, but the Westell router/DSL modem I was using previously did not have this problem.    Apart from the above, the DGND3300 seems to be working well.  The setup was very easy.  I was hoping to see a speed increase on my MacBook Pro when going to 802.11n, but Speakeasy's speed test does not indicate any significant change."
R3B9PA7282TVE9	Eddie	3	"Re: Netgear DGND3300 - MPEG stream dropping     I just installed a Netgear DGND3300 wireless router/DSL modem. I have an IP webcam on my LAN, the webcam streaming video as MPEG.  The DGND3300 keeps dropping the MPEG stream. I get about 40 seconds of the stream before it stops (leaving the browser screen with the last video frame, and no more sound).  It's not clear what is causing the stream to be interrupted, but the Westell router/DSL modem I was using previously did not have this problem.    Apart from the above, the DGND3300 seems to be working well.  The setup was very easy.  I was hoping to see a speed increase on my MacBook Pro when going to 802.11n, but Speakeasy's speed test does not indicate any significant change."
R3BEOSVCXQL0XO	547	2	It fits lose but it worth they the price it also has a weird feel a first but it okay
R3BEOSVCXQL0XO	Eddie	2	It fits lose but it worth they the price it also has a weird feel a first but it okay
R3BR7IDJZ80E0	547	3	"Everything about this monitor is as described.... except for the 2mm bezel. Yes, it is true the plastic frame around the screen in only 2mm. It appears to be edge to edge screen when off, but when you look close or turn it on.....there is an internal black border beneath the screen measuring another 1/4 inch or so. I don't understand why manufactures are having such a hard time making a turn edge to edge monitor?"
R3BR7IDJZ80E0	Eddie	2	"Everything about this monitor is as described.... except for the 2mm bezel. Yes, it is true the plastic frame around the screen in only 2mm. It appears to be edge to edge screen when off, but when you look close or turn it on.....there is an internal black border beneath the screen measuring another 1/4 inch or so. I don't understand why manufactures are having such a hard time making a turn edge to edge monitor?"
R3BTFJUFF3F00S	547	2	Really good keyboard.  May take a little to adjust if all you have every used is a standard keyboard.  Because of the length your muscle memory on certain keys takes you to places where this keyboard would be different.  But after a week of gaming my brother and sister all adapted to it and pressing the wrong keys is no longer a problem.  I downloaded the software which gave me a little problem that turned off my keyboard.  I read a few things online and got my keyboard working again and the software working a well.
R3BTFJUFF3F00S	Eddie	2	Really good keyboard.  May take a little to adjust if all you have every used is a standard keyboard.  Because of the length your muscle memory on certain keys takes you to places where this keyboard would be different.  But after a week of gaming my brother and sister all adapted to it and pressing the wrong keys is no longer a problem.  I downloaded the software which gave me a little problem that turned off my keyboard.  I read a few things online and got my keyboard working again and the software working a well.
R3BZPUWO85EE9B	547	4	"This is a nice leather case in an Easter egg pink/purple color. It fits my Kindle Touch. Magnets hold the cover securely closed when not using the Kindle. The light is disappointing. It is heavy and difficult to insert and/or remove from the cover as the rubber covered metal stem is thick and does not slip easily into the tight space between the Kindle and the case. I had to bend the stem so the light would shine onto the Kindle screen and not at my eyes. It is was difficult to do, the metal stem is quite stiff. I wasn't even sure that was the right thing to do. It did not come with a guide of any sort. The light is very bright with new batteries but that doesn't last long as the batteries wore out quickly, about 3-4 hours of total use in 15-30 minute segments. I recommend buying extra batteries at the same time, it takes 2 - CR2032 batteries."
R3BZPUWO85EE9B	Eddie	4	"This is a nice leather case in an Easter egg pink/purple color. It fits my Kindle Touch. Magnets hold the cover securely closed when not using the Kindle. The light is disappointing. It is heavy and difficult to insert and/or remove from the cover as the rubber covered metal stem is thick and does not slip easily into the tight space between the Kindle and the case. I had to bend the stem so the light would shine onto the Kindle screen and not at my eyes. It is was difficult to do, the metal stem is quite stiff. I wasn't even sure that was the right thing to do. It did not come with a guide of any sort. The light is very bright with new batteries but that doesn't last long as the batteries wore out quickly, about 3-4 hours of total use in 15-30 minute segments. I recommend buying extra batteries at the same time, it takes 2 - CR2032 batteries."
R3C1RASM21H0DO	547	2	"I got my monitor not to long ago. The color is great can't say more then that. On white backgrounds I noticed that the left of the monitor has a slight yellow tint. If your gaming or video watching you don't notice it, but when browsing the internet on white backgrounds the slight yellow tint starts to be come noticeable. I decided to return the monitor for a full refund and reorder hoping that the next monitor wont have this problem."
R3C1RASM21H0DO	Eddie	3	"I got my monitor not to long ago. The color is great can't say more then that. On white backgrounds I noticed that the left of the monitor has a slight yellow tint. If your gaming or video watching you don't notice it, but when browsing the internet on white backgrounds the slight yellow tint starts to be come noticeable. I decided to return the monitor for a full refund and reorder hoping that the next monitor wont have this problem."
R3C5YCX5SQB9N8	547	4	"I bought this product to use with a Galaxy Tab 10.1\\"" tablet. Wishful thinking got me expecting complete functionality for the various buttons and the scroll wheel. The reviewers who've said there's nothing Android-specific about the mouse are right. Logitech says \\""for Android 3.1+\\"". This would be more accurate: \\""works with Android 3.1+.\\""<br /><br />What works... single- and double-clicking with either button or the scroll wheel: same result as you'd expect from single- and double-tapping with a finger.<br /><br />Scroll wheel: scrolls web pages, pages within a text editor, long scrolling lists within menus.<br /><br />Clicking and dragging: same as dragging with a finger.<br /><br />What doesn't work: Separate functionality for the left and right buttons? Nope. Left- and right-\\""tilt\\"" of the scroll wheel? No effect.<br /><br />The ability to scroll with the wheel is definitely handy -- likewise, the mouse's ability to target scroll-arrows and scroll bars precisely -- something that can be difficult to do with a finger. This precision makes working with web-forms much easier than it would otherwise be. (No luck dragging scroll _handles_, though. Oh well.)<br /><br />Flaws: The mouse pointer sometimes takes as long as 20 seconds to appear while a web page is loading. Why this would be, I don't know. Bit of an irritation with slow-loading pages. On occasion the Bluetooth connection fails. Getting it back has required going through the full pairing procedure. Now that's irritating. My Zagg Bluetooth keyboard has no such problems.<br /><br />One full star off for extremely poor documentation as supplied with the product -- not even minimal information about pairing (I already knew how; someone new to using Bluetooth might have trouble figuring it out).<br /><br />The \\""information\\"" in the Getting Started pamphlet shows, but doesn't even bother explaining when to use, the small Connect button on the underside. For crying out loud, why not? What, are we saving ink here? There's a web page whose URL appears in the pamphlet: \\""for Bluetooth setup instructions for your tablet.\\"" Wrong. The PDF you can download from that page is identical to the noticeable-in-its-absence information in the minimalist paperwork supplied with the mouse. Adventures In Discoverability: the real-world pairing information is actually on one of Logitech's FAQ pages: [...]<br /><br />[EDIT: looks as if Amazon scrubbed the URL. Look at the Logitech FAQ page -- easy enough to find -- for the link to the 'how to pair' topic.]<br /><br />That they would have omitted so much information, when it would have cost them nothing to include it, is inexcusable. Shame, Logitech. Take a lesson from Zagg, whose (supplied) documentation for paring its Bluetooth keyboard does the job quite well.<br /><br />So the thing works and, despite its limitions, will be useful when I'm using the tablet on a stand. No doubt it will be much more useful when it's paired with a laptop or Bluetooth-enabled desktop system. (Well, unless its irritating habit of losing the connection persists.) Just don't expect complete functionality in Honeycomb. Wonder if it's any different in ICS...<br /><br />[EDIT: a friend with a Motorola tablet has also had mixed success with mice. He reports the same problems I've observed: pointer freezes, disappears, takes a while to reappear. He figures it's a problem generally with mouse support in Android. Beats me...]"
R3C5YCX5SQB9N8	Eddie	4	"I bought this product to use with a Galaxy Tab 10.1\\"" tablet. Wishful thinking got me expecting complete functionality for the various buttons and the scroll wheel. The reviewers who've said there's nothing Android-specific about the mouse are right. Logitech says \\""for Android 3.1+\\"". This would be more accurate: \\""works with Android 3.1+.\\""<br /><br />What works... single- and double-clicking with either button or the scroll wheel: same result as you'd expect from single- and double-tapping with a finger.<br /><br />Scroll wheel: scrolls web pages, pages within a text editor, long scrolling lists within menus.<br /><br />Clicking and dragging: same as dragging with a finger.<br /><br />What doesn't work: Separate functionality for the left and right buttons? Nope. Left- and right-\\""tilt\\"" of the scroll wheel? No effect.<br /><br />The ability to scroll with the wheel is definitely handy -- likewise, the mouse's ability to target scroll-arrows and scroll bars precisely -- something that can be difficult to do with a finger. This precision makes working with web-forms much easier than it would otherwise be. (No luck dragging scroll _handles_, though. Oh well.)<br /><br />Flaws: The mouse pointer sometimes takes as long as 20 seconds to appear while a web page is loading. Why this would be, I don't know. Bit of an irritation with slow-loading pages. On occasion the Bluetooth connection fails. Getting it back has required going through the full pairing procedure. Now that's irritating. My Zagg Bluetooth keyboard has no such problems.<br /><br />One full star off for extremely poor documentation as supplied with the product -- not even minimal information about pairing (I already knew how; someone new to using Bluetooth might have trouble figuring it out).<br /><br />The \\""information\\"" in the Getting Started pamphlet shows, but doesn't even bother explaining when to use, the small Connect button on the underside. For crying out loud, why not? What, are we saving ink here? There's a web page whose URL appears in the pamphlet: \\""for Bluetooth setup instructions for your tablet.\\"" Wrong. The PDF you can download from that page is identical to the noticeable-in-its-absence information in the minimalist paperwork supplied with the mouse. Adventures In Discoverability: the real-world pairing information is actually on one of Logitech's FAQ pages: [...]<br /><br />[EDIT: looks as if Amazon scrubbed the URL. Look at the Logitech FAQ page -- easy enough to find -- for the link to the 'how to pair' topic.]<br /><br />That they would have omitted so much information, when it would have cost them nothing to include it, is inexcusable. Shame, Logitech. Take a lesson from Zagg, whose (supplied) documentation for paring its Bluetooth keyboard does the job quite well.<br /><br />So the thing works and, despite its limitions, will be useful when I'm using the tablet on a stand. No doubt it will be much more useful when it's paired with a laptop or Bluetooth-enabled desktop system. (Well, unless its irritating habit of losing the connection persists.) Just don't expect complete functionality in Honeycomb. Wonder if it's any different in ICS...<br /><br />[EDIT: a friend with a Motorola tablet has also had mixed success with mice. He reports the same problems I've observed: pointer freezes, disappears, takes a while to reappear. He figures it's a problem generally with mouse support in Android. Beats me...]"
R3C74K2348MIAE	547	2	"I'm somewhat disappointed it Netgears quality control.  All that needs to power the unit down is to bump it.  The switch side of the transformer has a weird fit to it.  It has to be pushed in very tight like something is holding it back.  Once in, it works fine until even a slight bump will dislodge it and power the unit off.  It's out of the way now so it doesn't get bumped and works fine.  It was kind of a pain while setting my system up and moving things around but now that it's stable, it's fine."
R3C74K2348MIAE	Eddie	2	"I'm somewhat disappointed it Netgears quality control.  All that needs to power the unit down is to bump it.  The switch side of the transformer has a weird fit to it.  It has to be pushed in very tight like something is holding it back.  Once in, it works fine until even a slight bump will dislodge it and power the unit off.  It's out of the way now so it doesn't get bumped and works fine.  It was kind of a pain while setting my system up and moving things around but now that it's stable, it's fine."
R3CDK84MKK6GUH	547	2	Much too fragile and easily broken--stressed when it was bumped from its location on the back of my computer. It's working (kind of surprising) but have had to jury-rig the USB plug where it connects to the antenna to keep the connection reliable.
R3CDK84MKK6GUH	Eddie	2	Much too fragile and easily broken--stressed when it was bumped from its location on the back of my computer. It's working (kind of surprising) but have had to jury-rig the USB plug where it connects to the antenna to keep the connection reliable.
R3CG344CIIA6QR	547	2	"The digitizer overall, was ok. I did end up cracking it while re-sealing the iPad. Didn't use too much force, but I could have pushed too hard. The plastic tools worked great. I ended up having to use my own screwdrivers though. The screwdrivers supplied were horrible( they were rounded and there was no point on them)"
R3CG344CIIA6QR	Eddie	2	"The digitizer overall, was ok. I did end up cracking it while re-sealing the iPad. Didn't use too much force, but I could have pushed too hard. The plastic tools worked great. I ended up having to use my own screwdrivers though. The screwdrivers supplied were horrible( they were rounded and there was no point on them)"
R3D2I9AGV74MGB	547	3	"my friend has this system and it sounds pretty good. For 82 dollars you really cant go wrong, although with my pair the right output sounded like it wasn't preamped. Therefore when I turned it on it sounded out of balence and there was no difference in sound between the right speaker being plugged in and it not being pluggedin.<br /><br />Unlike speakers I have had in the past the sub volume control not only effects the volume of the subwoofer but also the amount of sub in the 2 satallites. Franky it could be really nice or really anoyying depending on how you like your sound. For me having the bass down means someone is sleeping, not that I want to void all things below a certain frequenzy.<br /><br />Pros: Price to sound, sounds pretty good overall. Its sub-w is small so it fits into smaller locations. The sub being only 20W makes it sound you can definitly hear all of the different frenquenzys of whatever you are doing without being anoyying if you are in a dorm room or live with alot of other people.<br /><br />Cons: The cords between speaker and sub are kindof short which makes it a little difficult to settup if u have more the one monitor, the stretch will be difficult. The audio 2 didn't work for me unless there is a special way of setting it up in which you can use it that I dont know of (in that case leave me a comment please).  Also that the right speaker was broken and a replacement had to be sent.<br /><br />Summary:<br />Its okay, but for the money you could probably get the same sound out of a logitech set althought it looks cool and does deliver sound. Im not a fan of the way the bass is adjusted from both sub-w and the top speakers alike.  Depending on your settup and your preference on sound, it could be just what you need. But for the more vivid gamers it lacks the punch, and the drop from your dubstep music :P"
R3D2I9AGV74MGB	Eddie	3	"my friend has this system and it sounds pretty good. For 82 dollars you really cant go wrong, although with my pair the right output sounded like it wasn't preamped. Therefore when I turned it on it sounded out of balence and there was no difference in sound between the right speaker being plugged in and it not being pluggedin.<br /><br />Unlike speakers I have had in the past the sub volume control not only effects the volume of the subwoofer but also the amount of sub in the 2 satallites. Franky it could be really nice or really anoyying depending on how you like your sound. For me having the bass down means someone is sleeping, not that I want to void all things below a certain frequenzy.<br /><br />Pros: Price to sound, sounds pretty good overall. Its sub-w is small so it fits into smaller locations. The sub being only 20W makes it sound you can definitly hear all of the different frenquenzys of whatever you are doing without being anoyying if you are in a dorm room or live with alot of other people.<br /><br />Cons: The cords between speaker and sub are kindof short which makes it a little difficult to settup if u have more the one monitor, the stretch will be difficult. The audio 2 didn't work for me unless there is a special way of setting it up in which you can use it that I dont know of (in that case leave me a comment please).  Also that the right speaker was broken and a replacement had to be sent.<br /><br />Summary:<br />Its okay, but for the money you could probably get the same sound out of a logitech set althought it looks cool and does deliver sound. Im not a fan of the way the bass is adjusted from both sub-w and the top speakers alike.  Depending on your settup and your preference on sound, it could be just what you need. But for the more vivid gamers it lacks the punch, and the drop from your dubstep music :P"
R3DEBF08QJHKNS	547	1	"I purchased to give as part of a Christmas gift with the Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.  While the product is okay, it was very difficult to put on, it just wouldn't hardly stretch, after using much muscle finally got the case on, at least it won't fall off!  The cut out for the charger needs to be cut with scissors, as the charger cord will continually fall out because the cut out doesn't line up with the slot, and taking off the case each time you charge the tablet is not an option when the fit is so tight. I was also somewhat disappointed with the seller as this arrived without packaging. I had purchased  2 and the other came in a package so it looked to the receiver of the gift like I had opened a portion of their gift prior to giving it."
R3DEBF08QJHKNS	Eddie	1	"I purchased to give as part of a Christmas gift with the Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.  While the product is okay, it was very difficult to put on, it just wouldn't hardly stretch, after using much muscle finally got the case on, at least it won't fall off!  The cut out for the charger needs to be cut with scissors, as the charger cord will continually fall out because the cut out doesn't line up with the slot, and taking off the case each time you charge the tablet is not an option when the fit is so tight. I was also somewhat disappointed with the seller as this arrived without packaging. I had purchased  2 and the other came in a package so it looked to the receiver of the gift like I had opened a portion of their gift prior to giving it."
R3EG3D2J2RFQAK	547	2	"This likely is a good battery, but did not fit my APPLE PowerBook G4 (15\\"" Titanium).  The advertisement implies there is only one type of battery, but this is not correct.  Don't make the same mistake I made, and do the research before you purchase this item.  Customer service at Amazon was excellent, but they should correct the impression that this battery fits all models of APPLE PowerBook G4 (15\\"" Titanium) Main battery replacements.  5 stars for customer service, 1 star for advertisement."
R3EG3D2J2RFQAK	Eddie	2	"This likely is a good battery, but did not fit my APPLE PowerBook G4 (15\\"" Titanium).  The advertisement implies there is only one type of battery, but this is not correct.  Don't make the same mistake I made, and do the research before you purchase this item.  Customer service at Amazon was excellent, but they should correct the impression that this battery fits all models of APPLE PowerBook G4 (15\\"" Titanium) Main battery replacements.  5 stars for customer service, 1 star for advertisement."
R3F60NA0U1YSFA	547	1	I works in all my cameras and using as Flash Drive works well. It does not format or mount in the ROKU.SX  It is not the  Flash Drive that is defective. It must be the ROKU.
R3F60NA0U1YSFA	Eddie	1	I works in all my cameras and using as Flash Drive works well. It does not format or mount in the ROKU.SX  It is not the  Flash Drive that is defective. It must be the ROKU.
R3FH0JALA4BME1	547	3	"The tablet is a good deal for the price. The screen is very clear and the system is responsive. HOWEVER, after playing around with it for awhile, I realized the sound is not as good as I thought. You have to use headphones or external speakers. You get what you pay for, but still overall pretty good (as long as you're OK using headphone or speakers)."
R3FH0JALA4BME1	Eddie	3	"The tablet is a good deal for the price. The screen is very clear and the system is responsive. HOWEVER, after playing around with it for awhile, I realized the sound is not as good as I thought. You have to use headphones or external speakers. You get what you pay for, but still overall pretty good (as long as you're OK using headphone or speakers)."
R3FL61YEZOPKIF	547	1	I had a hard time getting the sticker to go on all the way at first & I've had it for a month now & it's bubbling up but other than that it's alright.
R3FL61YEZOPKIF	Eddie	1	I had a hard time getting the sticker to go on all the way at first & I've had it for a month now & it's bubbling up but other than that it's alright.
R3G2XGQE8KBUJO	547	1	The company tapes a silver/grey wrapper around the syringe in the ad.  So if you are looking for silver/grey grease buy something else.
R3G2XGQE8KBUJO	Eddie	1	The company tapes a silver/grey wrapper around the syringe in the ad.  So if you are looking for silver/grey grease buy something else.
R3G8C80F8F0RCV	547	3	While it is very cool being able to separate the bag from the based I am concerned about the durability. The bag is high quality but the base feels cheap and the wheels don'r roll as smoothly as previous bags. I am a frequent traveller and I feel teh base is not going to last long :( I hope teh based is replaceable.
R3G8C80F8F0RCV	Eddie	3	While it is very cool being able to separate the bag from the based I am concerned about the durability. The bag is high quality but the base feels cheap and the wheels don'r roll as smoothly as previous bags. I am a frequent traveller and I feel teh base is not going to last long :( I hope teh based is replaceable.
R3GB9KQEAPD9LI	547	2	Hard to reach the home page or the top portion of the Kindle. When I try to access that I end up turning the pages.  Ugh!!<br />Slim and easy to carry around.
R3GB9KQEAPD9LI	Eddie	2	Hard to reach the home page or the top portion of the Kindle. When I try to access that I end up turning the pages.  Ugh!!<br />Slim and easy to carry around.
R3H1J6GFPZQNUW	547	2	I was having to many delays when using this in my camera. When it was working it was fine. But the mnin continue sliding out saying it was full when I know it was not.
R3H1J6GFPZQNUW	Eddie	2	I was having to many delays when using this in my camera. When it was working it was fine. But the mnin continue sliding out saying it was full when I know it was not.
R3HQKHJR4KHN4L	547	2	"I grabbed one of these at first sight as it truly is a great idea and I'm always struggling with multiple cords.  However, as someone who wants to travel as light as possible this is really not practical.  It's big, heavy and bulky and takes up a lot of room in a travel bag as well as a couple of precious pounds when checking a bag.  Check the measurements of this case before buying.  I returned mine."
R3HQKHJR4KHN4L	Eddie	2	"I grabbed one of these at first sight as it truly is a great idea and I'm always struggling with multiple cords.  However, as someone who wants to travel as light as possible this is really not practical.  It's big, heavy and bulky and takes up a lot of room in a travel bag as well as a couple of precious pounds when checking a bag.  Check the measurements of this case before buying.  I returned mine."
R3I8Q95XVVXWCR	547	3	"Here are the Pro's, its mostly well made, its a great product, especially if you like to pack together SSDs, the SATA interfaces are good, and I have no problems with bandwidth on my computer.<br /><br />There are some Con's, however. The first con is that these things trap dust better than a case/cpu fan or vent, these things need to be cleaned out more often than you might think. Also, the fans on this item, for me, started making a lot of noise a few months in to the use of this item. Not having the fans installed is not a big deal for me because I use SSDs and the temperatures are not that bad given I operate the SSDs in a relatively cool ambient temperature, but ... Like I said, the fans are noisy or become noisy and this is a big problem, probably 4-5x noisier than anything else on my tower, pretty loud. The last con is the price, I could see justifying a price of 55$, but not 60+$, especially not the price I see which is 75$. This item is a good deal at 55$, at 75$ you are paying just too much, especially seeing as how you will probably want to replace the fans after a while.<br /><br />Also of note, the unit does not fit very well in to my case, I have a nicer case and I dont believe the tolerances on the case are an issue, however these were very difficult to insert and remove, and I think these guys should take a bout a millimeter or two off the dimensions of this unit to make sure it fits well.<br /><br />Final verdict, 4.5 stars @ 55$, 3 stars @ 75$. Look on ebay for used units if you can, this shouldn't cost more than 55$ in my opinion."
R3I8Q95XVVXWCR	Eddie	3	"Here are the Pro's, its mostly well made, its a great product, especially if you like to pack together SSDs, the SATA interfaces are good, and I have no problems with bandwidth on my computer.<br /><br />There are some Con's, however. The first con is that these things trap dust better than a case/cpu fan or vent, these things need to be cleaned out more often than you might think. Also, the fans on this item, for me, started making a lot of noise a few months in to the use of this item. Not having the fans installed is not a big deal for me because I use SSDs and the temperatures are not that bad given I operate the SSDs in a relatively cool ambient temperature, but ... Like I said, the fans are noisy or become noisy and this is a big problem, probably 4-5x noisier than anything else on my tower, pretty loud. The last con is the price, I could see justifying a price of 55$, but not 60+$, especially not the price I see which is 75$. This item is a good deal at 55$, at 75$ you are paying just too much, especially seeing as how you will probably want to replace the fans after a while.<br /><br />Also of note, the unit does not fit very well in to my case, I have a nicer case and I dont believe the tolerances on the case are an issue, however these were very difficult to insert and remove, and I think these guys should take a bout a millimeter or two off the dimensions of this unit to make sure it fits well.<br /><br />Final verdict, 4.5 stars @ 55$, 3 stars @ 75$. Look on ebay for used units if you can, this shouldn't cost more than 55$ in my opinion."
R3ICETHOBB85ZU	547	4	"This case either partially obscures the front-facing camera or the back-facing camera depending on how the tablet is shifted.<br />The alignment issues look more like a quality control problem than a design problem.<br />It seems like either the cutting die for the screen and camera of the front faux leather was positioned too close to the inner edge near the securing strap/flap, or the outer edge of the front faux leather was not stitched tightly enough.<br />I am considering returning this product.<br /><br />PROS:<br />- Velcro strap secures around the back of tablet. This makes it nearly impossible for the tablet to accidentally slip out of the case.<br />- Origami front panel works well to stand the tablet at different angles and orientations.<br />- Magnetic tab on front panel wakes the tablet upon open, just as designed.<br /><br />CONS:<br />- Does not align perfectly. The cameras are aligned the worst. The front-facing camera is sometimes obscured by<br />- Does not seat securely. Unlike other cases that hold the tablet tightly and securely in position, this case allows the tablet to shift about 1/4&#34; side to side.<br />- Velcro strap secures around the back of tablet. This makes it very difficult to intentionally remove the tablet from the case. I was worried that I might break the the case or the tablet!<br />- Metal surrounding soft tip of capacitive stylus seems too close to the tip. I am worried that it might scratch the screen, so I don't plan on using it."
R3ICETHOBB85ZU	Eddie	4	"This case either partially obscures the front-facing camera or the back-facing camera depending on how the tablet is shifted.<br />The alignment issues look more like a quality control problem than a design problem.<br />It seems like either the cutting die for the screen and camera of the front faux leather was positioned too close to the inner edge near the securing strap/flap, or the outer edge of the front faux leather was not stitched tightly enough.<br />I am considering returning this product.<br /><br />PROS:<br />- Velcro strap secures around the back of tablet. This makes it nearly impossible for the tablet to accidentally slip out of the case.<br />- Origami front panel works well to stand the tablet at different angles and orientations.<br />- Magnetic tab on front panel wakes the tablet upon open, just as designed.<br /><br />CONS:<br />- Does not align perfectly. The cameras are aligned the worst. The front-facing camera is sometimes obscured by<br />- Does not seat securely. Unlike other cases that hold the tablet tightly and securely in position, this case allows the tablet to shift about 1/4&#34; side to side.<br />- Velcro strap secures around the back of tablet. This makes it very difficult to intentionally remove the tablet from the case. I was worried that I might break the the case or the tablet!<br />- Metal surrounding soft tip of capacitive stylus seems too close to the tip. I am worried that it might scratch the screen, so I don't plan on using it."
R3IIG6JY559KYX	547	4	"what initially got me into the portege series was the aesthetic. it has a very simple and clean look. I'm not exactly tech savvy as I don't keep up with all the latest processors and whatnot, but for all the praise and hype about the new Sandy Bridge processors, this laptop seems decently quick. doesn't blow me away compared to my several years-old core duo desktop or even my 1-2 year-old, $500 toshiba satellite. overall, I like it a lot because it's big enough that hopefully it won't give me carpel tunnel syndrome, but small enough for easy mobility, which is good for a student.<br /><br />since I'm not doing any hardcore computing and just using it for a few basic functions like browsing, streaming movies, programming, etc, it satisfies me (but then again I think any computer in this day an age could pull those tasks off). unfortunately, even for those basic functions there are a few issues that Toshiba can improve on:<br /><br />1) the keyboard keys CLACK... really loudly. typing in the library or in class will probably stir up a ruckus. clackity clackity clack. not that big of a deal though, I guess.<br /><br />2) I don't know where everyone is getting all these claims about a 9 hour battery life (even cnet said they were able to get something like 7 hours in their tests) when I'm running the laptop in 'eco' mode with 77% battery life left and only 4 hours and 11 minutes of claimed life left. a second later, I have 76% batter life left but only 3 hours and 41 minutes left??? I'm only on my battery's second charge but I've been noticing these really sporadic projections and it's really annoying.<br /><br />3) the track pad straight up sucks. I'm not a fan of mac at all, but when my girlfriend had her 13.3\\"" macbook, one of the things I found coolest was how easy it was to surf the net. the 2 finger scroll feature they had was super cool and some other functions included: three finger swipe up to open a new tab, three finger swipe down to close a page, three finger swipe left to go 'back' and right for forward, two finger tap to function as a right click [extremely useful]. comparatively, you can't really set any three finger functions to your own liking, the two finger scroll is really jittery - if it manages to detect your fingers there is no sensitivity and can go insane and jump entire pages at any given moment. overall it's pretty frustrating to use the multi-finger features.<br /><br />4) could be a part of gripe #3, but the two clicker buttons for the track pack are stiff. I like to use the tap function because my thumb would probably get sore if I used the clicker too much. yes, it is that stiff.<br /><br />other than that, it's really light and powerful enough that I can use it without getting frustrated and just looks awesome which is good enough for me. I would give this laptop 5 stars otherwise and while a 2-star deduction might seem harsh, I feel these basic attributes could have easily been included and are prerequisites to just being a decent laptop. I mean, how expensive could it be to develop and include a good track pad?? overall, laptop seems sturdy and reliable and I'm looking forward to using it<br /><br />update: an issue with the r705 series was that the fans would get really loud or that the laptop would get hot, but for either case, toshiba has remedied the problem on this model. the laptop stays extremely quiet even after I have been using it for 6 hours with just one break. it does warm up when in my lap on top of a blanket, but on a desk it doesn't heat up at ALL.<br /><br />4/25 I've had the laptop for two or three weeks now but since it's my backup/extra I'm really taking care of it and haven't used it that much yet. Mostly for school and not for browsing/videos pretty much. But one thing I noticed today was a little clacking noise that's from the chrome hinge, which is loose. I have no idea how it could have gotten loose as I've used the laptop probably less than a total of 7 times and it's onlybeen handled with the utmost care. REALLY annoying because for a $900 laptop, this really shouldn't be an issue.a $900 laptop, this really shouldn't be an issue."
R3IIG6JY559KYX	Eddie	4	"what initially got me into the portege series was the aesthetic. it has a very simple and clean look. I'm not exactly tech savvy as I don't keep up with all the latest processors and whatnot, but for all the praise and hype about the new Sandy Bridge processors, this laptop seems decently quick. doesn't blow me away compared to my several years-old core duo desktop or even my 1-2 year-old, $500 toshiba satellite. overall, I like it a lot because it's big enough that hopefully it won't give me carpel tunnel syndrome, but small enough for easy mobility, which is good for a student.<br /><br />since I'm not doing any hardcore computing and just using it for a few basic functions like browsing, streaming movies, programming, etc, it satisfies me (but then again I think any computer in this day an age could pull those tasks off). unfortunately, even for those basic functions there are a few issues that Toshiba can improve on:<br /><br />1) the keyboard keys CLACK... really loudly. typing in the library or in class will probably stir up a ruckus. clackity clackity clack. not that big of a deal though, I guess.<br /><br />2) I don't know where everyone is getting all these claims about a 9 hour battery life (even cnet said they were able to get something like 7 hours in their tests) when I'm running the laptop in 'eco' mode with 77% battery life left and only 4 hours and 11 minutes of claimed life left. a second later, I have 76% batter life left but only 3 hours and 41 minutes left??? I'm only on my battery's second charge but I've been noticing these really sporadic projections and it's really annoying.<br /><br />3) the track pad straight up sucks. I'm not a fan of mac at all, but when my girlfriend had her 13.3\\"" macbook, one of the things I found coolest was how easy it was to surf the net. the 2 finger scroll feature they had was super cool and some other functions included: three finger swipe up to open a new tab, three finger swipe down to close a page, three finger swipe left to go 'back' and right for forward, two finger tap to function as a right click [extremely useful]. comparatively, you can't really set any three finger functions to your own liking, the two finger scroll is really jittery - if it manages to detect your fingers there is no sensitivity and can go insane and jump entire pages at any given moment. overall it's pretty frustrating to use the multi-finger features.<br /><br />4) could be a part of gripe #3, but the two clicker buttons for the track pack are stiff. I like to use the tap function because my thumb would probably get sore if I used the clicker too much. yes, it is that stiff.<br /><br />other than that, it's really light and powerful enough that I can use it without getting frustrated and just looks awesome which is good enough for me. I would give this laptop 5 stars otherwise and while a 2-star deduction might seem harsh, I feel these basic attributes could have easily been included and are prerequisites to just being a decent laptop. I mean, how expensive could it be to develop and include a good track pad?? overall, laptop seems sturdy and reliable and I'm looking forward to using it<br /><br />update: an issue with the r705 series was that the fans would get really loud or that the laptop would get hot, but for either case, toshiba has remedied the problem on this model. the laptop stays extremely quiet even after I have been using it for 6 hours with just one break. it does warm up when in my lap on top of a blanket, but on a desk it doesn't heat up at ALL.<br /><br />4/25 I've had the laptop for two or three weeks now but since it's my backup/extra I'm really taking care of it and haven't used it that much yet. Mostly for school and not for browsing/videos pretty much. But one thing I noticed today was a little clacking noise that's from the chrome hinge, which is loose. I have no idea how it could have gotten loose as I've used the laptop probably less than a total of 7 times and it's onlybeen handled with the utmost care. REALLY annoying because for a $900 laptop, this really shouldn't be an issue.a $900 laptop, this really shouldn't be an issue."
R3INNTBUY6AGAD	547	2	"This product is not really an iPad sleeve (a little bit too big) but for the price, it's not bad"
R3INNTBUY6AGAD	Eddie	1	"This product is not really an iPad sleeve (a little bit too big) but for the price, it's not bad"
R3INSM8HSOOV1	547	3	"My biggest complaint is the glossy screen.  Like laptop displays, monitors are showing up with glossy instead of matte-finish screens. The glossy screen can make dark areas of the image appear deeper and less washed out in bright, ambient light. But it can also reflect light-colored objects in the room like a mirror.  I can't use this monitor after sunset without getting a headache because the lamp behind me and/or my overhead light cast a glare that makes it very hard to see what I'm doing  The image is crisp, and I like that this monitor has a native 1080 resolution at 60 Hz.  I prefer a mouse, but the times I have used the touchscreen, it's been very responsive.  As with any inbuilt speakers (even on modern giant TVs), this monitor's speakers are lousy, but I've heard worse.  Any external speaker from the last 20 years will do a better job.  The backing on the monitor is its stand, being used to prop up the screen.  You can tilt the monitor more by pulling out the stand more, but you can't have the monitor completely upright, or it'll fall onto its face.  You can mount it on the wall (it complies to the international VESA standards), but that's impractical for my setup (and for most touchscreen setups, I reckon)."
R3INSM8HSOOV1	Eddie	3	"My biggest complaint is the glossy screen.  Like laptop displays, monitors are showing up with glossy instead of matte-finish screens. The glossy screen can make dark areas of the image appear deeper and less washed out in bright, ambient light. But it can also reflect light-colored objects in the room like a mirror.  I can't use this monitor after sunset without getting a headache because the lamp behind me and/or my overhead light cast a glare that makes it very hard to see what I'm doing  The image is crisp, and I like that this monitor has a native 1080 resolution at 60 Hz.  I prefer a mouse, but the times I have used the touchscreen, it's been very responsive.  As with any inbuilt speakers (even on modern giant TVs), this monitor's speakers are lousy, but I've heard worse.  Any external speaker from the last 20 years will do a better job.  The backing on the monitor is its stand, being used to prop up the screen.  You can tilt the monitor more by pulling out the stand more, but you can't have the monitor completely upright, or it'll fall onto its face.  You can mount it on the wall (it complies to the international VESA standards), but that's impractical for my setup (and for most touchscreen setups, I reckon)."
R3IXMFKOJRQKJG	547	1	Stand feels a little cheap and wobbly. So far it has done what it is designed to do though.
R3IXMFKOJRQKJG	Eddie	1	Stand feels a little cheap and wobbly. So far it has done what it is designed to do though.
R3J2LCZNNIFF3B	547	1	Doesn't work with all Coby's. I have a Kyros 7022. Doesn't recognize this model but works with the Kyros 7024. Check compatibility online before ordering. Does work with my desktop so I know it's not the keyboard but a compatibility problem with my Coby.
R3J2LCZNNIFF3B	Eddie	1	Doesn't work with all Coby's. I have a Kyros 7022. Doesn't recognize this model but works with the Kyros 7024. Check compatibility online before ordering. Does work with my desktop so I know it's not the keyboard but a compatibility problem with my Coby.
R3J6D4XUG2UKER	547	1	"I work with 3 widescreen 23\\"" monitors. I use 1920x1080 resolution.  I was very disappointed that the resolution was restricted to 1280x1024 with the USB adaptor.  This makes it hard on my eyes to work from all 3 monitors where 1 is at a different resolution than the other 2.  It was very easy to get working and have had no issues other than this resolution restriction."
R3J6D4XUG2UKER	Eddie	2	"I work with 3 widescreen 23\\"" monitors. I use 1920x1080 resolution.  I was very disappointed that the resolution was restricted to 1280x1024 with the USB adaptor.  This makes it hard on my eyes to work from all 3 monitors where 1 is at a different resolution than the other 2.  It was very easy to get working and have had no issues other than this resolution restriction."
R3JB6K4M7PYW68	547	1	HP TouchPad is a fantastic product on paper that is only partially realized.  WebOS was never given an adequate chance to mature and compete with the likes of iOS and Android.  It certainly had the potential.  As it stands this product is sluggish and seriously lacking in 3rd party application availability.  It is a shame it didn't survive as it would have been a great competitor and would have driven more innovation in the tablet market.
R3JB6K4M7PYW68	Eddie	2	HP TouchPad is a fantastic product on paper that is only partially realized.  WebOS was never given an adequate chance to mature and compete with the likes of iOS and Android.  It certainly had the potential.  As it stands this product is sluggish and seriously lacking in 3rd party application availability.  It is a shame it didn't survive as it would have been a great competitor and would have driven more innovation in the tablet market.
R3JITRM8ABG4DN	547	2	This item worked and could probably be used for some applications but it did not really meet my needs.  I purchased this to connect my home audio system to my home network and the internet for streaming music.  It did not seem to do a great job keeping up with the songs that I was streaming from my desktop computer.  I am sure that it would work for the random update or changing settings on the audio receiver but I would not recommend this item for streaming any type of audio or video.
R3JITRM8ABG4DN	Eddie	2	This item worked and could probably be used for some applications but it did not really meet my needs.  I purchased this to connect my home audio system to my home network and the internet for streaming music.  It did not seem to do a great job keeping up with the songs that I was streaming from my desktop computer.  I am sure that it would work for the random update or changing settings on the audio receiver but I would not recommend this item for streaming any type of audio or video.
R3JK7KHGQO2DF6	547	2	The monitor has a very nice and clear HD display. I have no complaints with it's quality.  However the touch feature doesn't work with Windows 8 and that's really why I bought it.  I have a Samsung Slate 7 PC Tablet with Windows 8 Consumer Preview installed. I was really hoping to extend it's display to a touch monitor but no joy with this one.  I'm hoping there will be a driver ready when the final Win 8 product is released.
R3JK7KHGQO2DF6	Eddie	3	The monitor has a very nice and clear HD display. I have no complaints with it's quality.  However the touch feature doesn't work with Windows 8 and that's really why I bought it.  I have a Samsung Slate 7 PC Tablet with Windows 8 Consumer Preview installed. I was really hoping to extend it's display to a touch monitor but no joy with this one.  I'm hoping there will be a driver ready when the final Win 8 product is released.
R3JMON7OIXN9SX	547	2	"both work but the nano 2 makes you load the card into the \\""mouth\\"" of the usb connector rather than in the back like the nano 1. I would buy the nano 1 rather than the 2.  I first thought the nano 2 was not working because the card wasn't recognized even though it was all the way flush with the usb connector, but when i pushed on the card with my fingernail even though it didn't seem to move and seemed to be all the way in it was then recognized.  I was able to reproduce this situation repeatedly so it apparently isn't a fluke.  Or you could save yourself the aggravation and get the nano 1"
R3JMON7OIXN9SX	Eddie	2	"both work but the nano 2 makes you load the card into the \\""mouth\\"" of the usb connector rather than in the back like the nano 1. I would buy the nano 1 rather than the 2.  I first thought the nano 2 was not working because the card wasn't recognized even though it was all the way flush with the usb connector, but when i pushed on the card with my fingernail even though it didn't seem to move and seemed to be all the way in it was then recognized.  I was able to reproduce this situation repeatedly so it apparently isn't a fluke.  Or you could save yourself the aggravation and get the nano 1"
R3JPL6JSJUZ6EE	547	0	I didn't find it as user friendly as the original Kindle.
R3JPL6JSJUZ6EE	Eddie	0	I didn't find it as user friendly as the original Kindle.
R3JRJG0M6TJ7YQ	547	1	"It has a really good price-quality relation. It is confortable for using over a table, but not for using at bed over your belly"
R3JRJG0M6TJ7YQ	Eddie	1	"It has a really good price-quality relation. It is confortable for using over a table, but not for using at bed over your belly"
R3JTXGD2IZOIRA	547	3	"The sound quality is great, the microphone is very sensitive ignore the noise canceling it claims. It picks up everything. You will most likely have to make a bunch of adjustments in whatever chat service you use to make up for the initial overwhelming loudness it projects when you speak, but that's easy enough to work out.     I was really excited to play with the voice effects, then was met with great disapointment. There are only a few options with many of them sounding incredibly similar to each other, and some of them being much to high pitch for anyone to tolerate listening to you speak for more than a few words. I was hoping to be able to model a draenei voice, but it surprisingling did not make the list. Nor did the nightelf of either gender as my husband had hoped. The voice effects were fun to play with for a few minutes but it annoyed more people than amused with the high pitches, or inability to understand what was being said due to the frequencies. There is a create your own feature, but that seems more of a headache trying to find just the right settings than it's worth.     Also, kinda wish this wasn't usb so if I wanted to just use the mic or headphones separately I could. The mic is removable but it's bent at an odd angle with no flexability so I don't imagine pluging it in on it's own would be an option for many machines.    Other than the awesome sound this thing puts out, the best part is the customization of the lighting on each ear. If you are wondering how to change out the lenses, it comes with a little screwdriver intended for that purpose. It comes with both alliance and horde lenses with the alliance lenses already in place. Maybe the folks at soundblaster are a little partial to the alliance side? ; )     Anyway that's my review and everything I would have wanted to know when I was purchasing this. Hope it helps!"
R3JTXGD2IZOIRA	Eddie	3	"The sound quality is great, the microphone is very sensitive ignore the noise canceling it claims. It picks up everything. You will most likely have to make a bunch of adjustments in whatever chat service you use to make up for the initial overwhelming loudness it projects when you speak, but that's easy enough to work out.     I was really excited to play with the voice effects, then was met with great disapointment. There are only a few options with many of them sounding incredibly similar to each other, and some of them being much to high pitch for anyone to tolerate listening to you speak for more than a few words. I was hoping to be able to model a draenei voice, but it surprisingling did not make the list. Nor did the nightelf of either gender as my husband had hoped. The voice effects were fun to play with for a few minutes but it annoyed more people than amused with the high pitches, or inability to understand what was being said due to the frequencies. There is a create your own feature, but that seems more of a headache trying to find just the right settings than it's worth.     Also, kinda wish this wasn't usb so if I wanted to just use the mic or headphones separately I could. The mic is removable but it's bent at an odd angle with no flexability so I don't imagine pluging it in on it's own would be an option for many machines.    Other than the awesome sound this thing puts out, the best part is the customization of the lighting on each ear. If you are wondering how to change out the lenses, it comes with a little screwdriver intended for that purpose. It comes with both alliance and horde lenses with the alliance lenses already in place. Maybe the folks at soundblaster are a little partial to the alliance side? ; )     Anyway that's my review and everything I would have wanted to know when I was purchasing this. Hope it helps!"
R3JZO88OZWN263	547	2	"I got this to replace my original that came with my laptop.  While it does charge my computer, which of course was the goal, the plug doesn't fit snugly in my laptop so it often comes out."
R3JZO88OZWN263	Eddie	2	"I got this to replace my original that came with my laptop.  While it does charge my computer, which of course was the goal, the plug doesn't fit snugly in my laptop so it often comes out."
R3K2KXSVNG05TK	547	2	"What it does do is enable you to save everything but games, and games are the main thing i wanted to get saved for my ps3, so make sure you listen to me when i say if you are planning to buy this to create more room on your PS3 just to save Digitally bought games then you have made a big mistake. Up side is you can save tons of movies on it."
R3K2KXSVNG05TK	Eddie	2	"What it does do is enable you to save everything but games, and games are the main thing i wanted to get saved for my ps3, so make sure you listen to me when i say if you are planning to buy this to create more room on your PS3 just to save Digitally bought games then you have made a big mistake. Up side is you can save tons of movies on it."
R3K35BQBMXY2QG	547	3	Great for everyday business users who need a cheap wireless mouse that works like it's suppose to!!!  Battery life is excellent but wish it had a better storage mechanism for the &#34;usb plug&#34;
R3K35BQBMXY2QG	Eddie	3	Great for everyday business users who need a cheap wireless mouse that works like it's suppose to!!!  Battery life is excellent but wish it had a better storage mechanism for the &#34;usb plug&#34;
R3KG5WW3NOW159	547	2	"I never realized it didn't have WiFi.  Not that it's a big deal.  I mostly have it for textbooks and manuals, but I thought WiFi sync would be a good to have feature."
R3KG5WW3NOW159	Eddie	2	"I never realized it didn't have WiFi.  Not that it's a big deal.  I mostly have it for textbooks and manuals, but I thought WiFi sync would be a good to have feature."
R3LP3HAO42U72X	547	1	"The case just big enough to hold the LaCie portable drive.  I think it would be better if there was space to also store the cables along with the drive, then everything would stay together."
R3LP3HAO42U72X	Eddie	2	"The case just big enough to hold the LaCie portable drive.  I think it would be better if there was space to also store the cables along with the drive, then everything would stay together."
R3LVUIKTH1Q77M	547	0	Works fine.
R3LVUIKTH1Q77M	Eddie	0	Works fine.
R3M6BFX1RF521T	547	1	Case is good over all but the stand function does not work as depicted and is functionally unusable. If you do not care about the stand function I would rate this as a good buy.
R3M6BFX1RF521T	Eddie	1	Case is good over all but the stand function does not work as depicted and is functionally unusable. If you do not care about the stand function I would rate this as a good buy.
R3MQONOAKSUQ45	547	2	"This fit OK. Did the SSD optical upgrade on my 2009 MacBook pro. Decided to use this to put the optical in. It really dies not fit too well or snug. It does the job and at $8 you can't expect much. If your like me and use your DVD drive once a year it's fine, if you use it daily or weekly spend a little more."
R3MQONOAKSUQ45	Eddie	2	"This fit OK. Did the SSD optical upgrade on my 2009 MacBook pro. Decided to use this to put the optical in. It really dies not fit too well or snug. It does the job and at $8 you can't expect much. If your like me and use your DVD drive once a year it's fine, if you use it daily or weekly spend a little more."
R3NCD7F0MDW8XP	547	1	"It is okay, but I am disappointed because I wanted Windows 7, because not being computer literate Window 8 is hard for<br />me to work with.  Ihave trouble and I contact my Granddaughter to findout what to do.  Unless a person is computer smart<br />I suggest they stay with Window7.<br /><br />Jerry ferguson"
R3NCD7F0MDW8XP	Eddie	1	"It is okay, but I am disappointed because I wanted Windows 7, because not being computer literate Window 8 is hard for<br />me to work with.  Ihave trouble and I contact my Granddaughter to findout what to do.  Unless a person is computer smart<br />I suggest they stay with Window7.<br /><br />Jerry ferguson"
R3NJ3O76PJJI1O	547	4	THE GOOD.  1. Great screen.  2. Good quality feel.  3. Easy to use.  4. Amazon ecosystem.  5. Price  THE BAD.  1. Sometimes slow and clunky.  2. Touch screen frequently unresponsive.
R3NJ3O76PJJI1O	Eddie	3	THE GOOD.  1. Great screen.  2. Good quality feel.  3. Easy to use.  4. Amazon ecosystem.  5. Price  THE BAD.  1. Sometimes slow and clunky.  2. Touch screen frequently unresponsive.
R3NTD5Z7OOF5F6	547	2	Bluetooth keyboard works fine. Folio can not keep in different angles the Dell Latitude 10 with extended battery .Only one position can be used (because of weight I suppose).
R3NTD5Z7OOF5F6	Eddie	2	Bluetooth keyboard works fine. Folio can not keep in different angles the Dell Latitude 10 with extended battery .Only one position can be used (because of weight I suppose).
R3OBJQT8W43ALO	547	1	The system seams to lack a cohesive design interface.<br />Not impressed with the apps available.<br />Many of the books look like un-edited drafts from junior high school students rather that publisher ready manuscripts.
R3OBJQT8W43ALO	Eddie	1	The system seams to lack a cohesive design interface.<br />Not impressed with the apps available.<br />Many of the books look like un-edited drafts from junior high school students rather that publisher ready manuscripts.
R3OFY6A4RTR6Y	547	1	"This case is durable protection for my Galaxy Tab 7plus.  The cover does produce lines on the screen, which are easily wiped off with a soft wipe and a little lens cleaner.  Recommend strongly using a screen protector."
R3OFY6A4RTR6Y	Eddie	1	"This case is durable protection for my Galaxy Tab 7plus.  The cover does produce lines on the screen, which are easily wiped off with a soft wipe and a little lens cleaner.  Recommend strongly using a screen protector."
R3OG8WRVDD0MIA	547	1	Would have given it 4 stars had the item description informed me that the power cord wasn't included.
R3OG8WRVDD0MIA	Eddie	1	Would have given it 4 stars had the item description informed me that the power cord wasn't included.
R3OR38IQW2E3K8	547	2	"The product fits and works well,was delivered on time, price was ok. However they delivered a screen with a small white spot.This is clearly not a prime product. They should say that in their presentations. The problem is almost irrilevant as we assemble the screen in a used notebook, however this will make me more suspicious with future purchasing. Normally I could give the part back and get back my money, but this is not what I want. I need to get a product as offered."
R3OR38IQW2E3K8	Eddie	2	"The product fits and works well,was delivered on time, price was ok. However they delivered a screen with a small white spot.This is clearly not a prime product. They should say that in their presentations. The problem is almost irrilevant as we assemble the screen in a used notebook, however this will make me more suspicious with future purchasing. Normally I could give the part back and get back my money, but this is not what I want. I need to get a product as offered."
R3OS1GEBMVWP60	547	4	"Good quality, aesthetically pleasing and easy to install on a Asus Impact mini ITX board. Because of space limitations with my build, I am only using one fan, exhausting air out of the case. The average CPU temp is 30C, however I haven't had a chance to overclock and evaluate cooling performance. I need to RMA the board, and I had issues removing the cooler because of the back plate."
R3OS1GEBMVWP60	Eddie	3	"Good quality, aesthetically pleasing and easy to install on a Asus Impact mini ITX board. Because of space limitations with my build, I am only using one fan, exhausting air out of the case. The average CPU temp is 30C, however I haven't had a chance to overclock and evaluate cooling performance. I need to RMA the board, and I had issues removing the cooler because of the back plate."
R3P6GQFFSX5Z38	547	2	I just got this today. I put this on my TF101. Seems to have a good fit. One thing I dont understand is the build of it. Why in the world did they cover the left speaker? Why? I dont get it? There are open slots everywhere. But they missed it on this. Why? We may never know. Also the snap on the dock doesnt snap on in place on  both sides. Just on one. I will contact them for this. Right now I am 50/50 onwhether I should keep it or return it.
R3P6GQFFSX5Z38	Eddie	2	I just got this today. I put this on my TF101. Seems to have a good fit. One thing I dont understand is the build of it. Why in the world did they cover the left speaker? Why? I dont get it? There are open slots everywhere. But they missed it on this. Why? We may never know. Also the snap on the dock doesnt snap on in place on  both sides. Just on one. I will contact them for this. Right now I am 50/50 onwhether I should keep it or return it.
R3P8NKNE6WGYM5	547	1	"This screen cover is a fairly thick sheet that goes on smoothly, doesn't wrinkle, and exactly fits the Kindle screen.  When I first put it on, there were 2 tiny bubbles, barely noticeable, but the instructions had told how to get rid of tiny bubbles caused by dust, so I tried to make it perfect.  All I can say is that each try ended up with bigger and more pronounced bubbles.  The moral to this story is that I should have just quit after the first try.    I finally thought that really, the Kindle does not need a screen cover. I have the leather cover with a light, which is very worthwhile, and it's not a touch screen, so I never touch it.  So I took the cover off, and when I get a round tuit, I will cut it down and put it on my camera."
R3P8NKNE6WGYM5	Eddie	1	"This screen cover is a fairly thick sheet that goes on smoothly, doesn't wrinkle, and exactly fits the Kindle screen.  When I first put it on, there were 2 tiny bubbles, barely noticeable, but the instructions had told how to get rid of tiny bubbles caused by dust, so I tried to make it perfect.  All I can say is that each try ended up with bigger and more pronounced bubbles.  The moral to this story is that I should have just quit after the first try.    I finally thought that really, the Kindle does not need a screen cover. I have the leather cover with a light, which is very worthwhile, and it's not a touch screen, so I never touch it.  So I took the cover off, and when I get a round tuit, I will cut it down and put it on my camera."
R3PWU9PAVPK0AO	547	2	"I like that it is a USB connectible keypad, two additional USB ports and it works well.  I wish it had a tab key insead of triple zero's, it would make my job easier.  That would be the only issue I have with the keypad, I wish I observed the lack of a tab key before I made my purchase, it would not have been one I would have got."
R3PWU9PAVPK0AO	Eddie	2	"I like that it is a USB connectible keypad, two additional USB ports and it works well.  I wish it had a tab key insead of triple zero's, it would make my job easier.  That would be the only issue I have with the keypad, I wish I observed the lack of a tab key before I made my purchase, it would not have been one I would have got."
R3PXRI86LQWYRS	547	1	"I love this tablet, but I would not have bought it if I had known it would not support Adobe Flash player, which I need it to do for many of the things I bought it for. I thought I had done my homework on all the specs, but I'm very sorry I missed this."
R3PXRI86LQWYRS	Eddie	1	"I love this tablet, but I would not have bought it if I had known it would not support Adobe Flash player, which I need it to do for many of the things I bought it for. I thought I had done my homework on all the specs, but I'm very sorry I missed this."
R3Q2SP43ESMUIH	547	2	"I deducted 2 stars from this product because the USB port cannot be used to share a hard drive over a network.  I found out only by trial and error that it's really only for printer sharing.  I still get some use out of the device though, as I enjoy the benefits of Airplay to my stereo system.  Plus I use it as a wireless adapter of sorts (via the ethernet port) for my Directv receiver.  This allowed me to move the Airport Extreme Base Station away from the entertainment system.  It serves 2 of the 3 functions that I hoped it would, which is why it's a keeper.  I keep hearing rumors that later firmware updates may include external hard drive sharing support(?).  We'll just have to wait and see..."
R3Q2SP43ESMUIH	Eddie	2	"I deducted 2 stars from this product because the USB port cannot be used to share a hard drive over a network.  I found out only by trial and error that it's really only for printer sharing.  I still get some use out of the device though, as I enjoy the benefits of Airplay to my stereo system.  Plus I use it as a wireless adapter of sorts (via the ethernet port) for my Directv receiver.  This allowed me to move the Airport Extreme Base Station away from the entertainment system.  It serves 2 of the 3 functions that I hoped it would, which is why it's a keeper.  I keep hearing rumors that later firmware updates may include external hard drive sharing support(?).  We'll just have to wait and see..."
R3Q68M67UZU1YA	547	3	"Let it be said first and foremost that I love the Nexus line and I have a Nexus phone (yes, Galaxy Nexus because the Nexus 5 is not on VZW)... I have also had the previous generation Nexus 7 and my husband has a 2012 Nexus 7 as well.<br /><br />Let me start out with the good.  The volume and screen resolution will blow you away if you were using the 2012 Nexus 7... which had a pretty nice screen, too; this one is exceptional.  This has extra space on the sides which I love to use to rest my thumbs while playing racing games or other games when I get a chance.  Most often, I find myself utilizing the tablet for Play Music while doing school, reading textbooks or books, Netflix for downtime, and the occasional aforementioned games.  I don't do a whole lot of internet browsing on it, just to look something up quick, etc. (Recommend Dolphin Browser, though).<br /><br />The tablet has done great until the KitKat update rolled out, when it started to do some boot looping, but nothing terrible, so I didn't mind much.  I like to experiment with different roms so I've had my fair share of bootlooping, but this tablet I kept BONE stock for the entire time I've owned it.  I figured there might be some issues when they gave a release date and blew past that by over three weeks to release to the Nexus crowd... which is one reason I buy Nexus products.  I like to have the latest OS.  I didn't fret over it though and figured they'd release it when it was right.  I was wrong.<br /><br />I have read on the forums sometimes where people had touchscreen issues or freezing, I did experience some of that as well, but I'd just sit it down to come back to it later when it could behave, or reboot it.  This came with the KitKat update.  Sometimes it's apps that are not yet ready for the update, so I went through and deleted everything non-essential, but the touchscreen &#34;freezing&#34; was still a problem.<br /><br />I also read some other things on the forums, which I dismissed as pure ridiculousness until a few days ago, when I found out firsthand that those ridiculous stories were true.  I am very careful with my devices and keep them in cases.  In this instance, I had just finished with a chapter of a book so I turned off my tablet and sat it down on the table.  Everyone in my house was sleeping.  I took a short break and came back to get my tablet before going to read in bed and finish another chapter.  The touchscreen wasn't responsive again, so I went ahead and rebooted.  It still wasn't working.  So I rebooted again and noticed a little spot in the center of my screen.  I turned on my bedside lamp only to find that it had hairline cracked across the screen and that part of the screen wouldn't be responding again.  Now I'm left with a tablet that only partially works due to only 1/8 of the screen working.<br /><br />Essentially, this tablet is amazing and I did love it until the KitKat rollout, at which time it became minority annoying.  I'm not saying that had anything to do with the touchscreen cracking, but that's where it went downhill first.  Now that I've read around a bit, I can't in good conscience recommend this tablet since it is a known issue, but obviously not a warranty item.  I don't blame people if they don't believe me, I was skeptical as well, but the screen cracking out of nowhere issue is very real.  I'm not sure what I'll buy next but it won't be another Nexus 7 FHD."
R3Q68M67UZU1YA	Eddie	4	"Let it be said first and foremost that I love the Nexus line and I have a Nexus phone (yes, Galaxy Nexus because the Nexus 5 is not on VZW)... I have also had the previous generation Nexus 7 and my husband has a 2012 Nexus 7 as well.<br /><br />Let me start out with the good.  The volume and screen resolution will blow you away if you were using the 2012 Nexus 7... which had a pretty nice screen, too; this one is exceptional.  This has extra space on the sides which I love to use to rest my thumbs while playing racing games or other games when I get a chance.  Most often, I find myself utilizing the tablet for Play Music while doing school, reading textbooks or books, Netflix for downtime, and the occasional aforementioned games.  I don't do a whole lot of internet browsing on it, just to look something up quick, etc. (Recommend Dolphin Browser, though).<br /><br />The tablet has done great until the KitKat update rolled out, when it started to do some boot looping, but nothing terrible, so I didn't mind much.  I like to experiment with different roms so I've had my fair share of bootlooping, but this tablet I kept BONE stock for the entire time I've owned it.  I figured there might be some issues when they gave a release date and blew past that by over three weeks to release to the Nexus crowd... which is one reason I buy Nexus products.  I like to have the latest OS.  I didn't fret over it though and figured they'd release it when it was right.  I was wrong.<br /><br />I have read on the forums sometimes where people had touchscreen issues or freezing, I did experience some of that as well, but I'd just sit it down to come back to it later when it could behave, or reboot it.  This came with the KitKat update.  Sometimes it's apps that are not yet ready for the update, so I went through and deleted everything non-essential, but the touchscreen &#34;freezing&#34; was still a problem.<br /><br />I also read some other things on the forums, which I dismissed as pure ridiculousness until a few days ago, when I found out firsthand that those ridiculous stories were true.  I am very careful with my devices and keep them in cases.  In this instance, I had just finished with a chapter of a book so I turned off my tablet and sat it down on the table.  Everyone in my house was sleeping.  I took a short break and came back to get my tablet before going to read in bed and finish another chapter.  The touchscreen wasn't responsive again, so I went ahead and rebooted.  It still wasn't working.  So I rebooted again and noticed a little spot in the center of my screen.  I turned on my bedside lamp only to find that it had hairline cracked across the screen and that part of the screen wouldn't be responding again.  Now I'm left with a tablet that only partially works due to only 1/8 of the screen working.<br /><br />Essentially, this tablet is amazing and I did love it until the KitKat rollout, at which time it became minority annoying.  I'm not saying that had anything to do with the touchscreen cracking, but that's where it went downhill first.  Now that I've read around a bit, I can't in good conscience recommend this tablet since it is a known issue, but obviously not a warranty item.  I don't blame people if they don't believe me, I was skeptical as well, but the screen cracking out of nowhere issue is very real.  I'm not sure what I'll buy next but it won't be another Nexus 7 FHD."
R3Q881DHVDP83	547	0	bien
R3Q881DHVDP83	Eddie	0	bien
R3Q8KRM0SL3VWH	547	3	"Product came with a hole in the back for the Apple logo as mentioned by previous reviewers unlike what is shown in their pictures.  I thought those reviewers had an axe to grind...but it is true.  Not worth the trouble to send back.  For what I paid, the overall product was still worth it.  Wish the sellers would have been more upfront about the actual product I was going to receive.  Originally I wanted the blue color but decided against it because the picture showed the cutout for the Apple logo in the back which is what I DIDN'T want.  Good luck receiving what is described!!"
R3Q8KRM0SL3VWH	Eddie	3	"Product came with a hole in the back for the Apple logo as mentioned by previous reviewers unlike what is shown in their pictures.  I thought those reviewers had an axe to grind...but it is true.  Not worth the trouble to send back.  For what I paid, the overall product was still worth it.  Wish the sellers would have been more upfront about the actual product I was going to receive.  Originally I wanted the blue color but decided against it because the picture showed the cutout for the Apple logo in the back which is what I DIDN'T want.  Good luck receiving what is described!!"
R3QATTARLL9CWW	547	4	"I love the idea of this sticker. It does look great on my macbook. But I had a lot of trouble sticking it on the computer without having air bubbles. There were ton at first, so I tried to take it off and try again several times. Then many of the corners began to rip as I tried to remove the sticker and replace it. I finally got it on as good as it was going to be but there are still three air bubbles and now numerous ripped edges."
R3QATTARLL9CWW	Eddie	3	"I love the idea of this sticker. It does look great on my macbook. But I had a lot of trouble sticking it on the computer without having air bubbles. There were ton at first, so I tried to take it off and try again several times. Then many of the corners began to rip as I tried to remove the sticker and replace it. I finally got it on as good as it was going to be but there are still three air bubbles and now numerous ripped edges."
R3QD9DKT582H4G	547	1	I have problem switching on .Apple warranty repair center tells me there is problem with the operating system so it has to be re installed. The Mac Office software is gone.If seller can tell me the product code for the Mac Office then I can reinstall it.
R3QD9DKT582H4G	Eddie	1	I have problem switching on .Apple warranty repair center tells me there is problem with the operating system so it has to be re installed. The Mac Office software is gone.If seller can tell me the product code for the Mac Office then I can reinstall it.
R3QL0OYJ8Y4O7U	547	1	Clear and consequently pretty glossy and picks up loads of fingerprints.
R3QL0OYJ8Y4O7U	Eddie	1	Clear and consequently pretty glossy and picks up loads of fingerprints.
R3QL3JLCF0LMQR	547	0	It was just ok
R3QL3JLCF0LMQR	Eddie	0	It was just ok
R3QT0OMSBH3Q8R	547	1	"I have heard so many great things about Pelican products in the past, so picking up this memory card case was a no-brainer for me. It works mostly fine - except for a couple tweaky things:<br /><br />1 - It is REALLY, REALLY hard to open. I'm hoping it will 'break in' a little, but I actually nicked my knuckle trying to open it.<br /><br />2 - You have to watch how you put the cards in the slots so you don't smash the foam. My CF cards JUST fit in each space, which is fine, but sometimes I wind up smooshing the foam edges a little, which might eventually wear down and cause the cards to not fit as nicely.<br /><br />All in all, I think it's built well, and does a fabulous job at protecting my memory cards. I just wish I wasn't afraid of injury every time I try to open it."
R3QT0OMSBH3Q8R	Eddie	2	"I have heard so many great things about Pelican products in the past, so picking up this memory card case was a no-brainer for me. It works mostly fine - except for a couple tweaky things:<br /><br />1 - It is REALLY, REALLY hard to open. I'm hoping it will 'break in' a little, but I actually nicked my knuckle trying to open it.<br /><br />2 - You have to watch how you put the cards in the slots so you don't smash the foam. My CF cards JUST fit in each space, which is fine, but sometimes I wind up smooshing the foam edges a little, which might eventually wear down and cause the cards to not fit as nicely.<br /><br />All in all, I think it's built well, and does a fabulous job at protecting my memory cards. I just wish I wasn't afraid of injury every time I try to open it."
R3QWO687WUWM6Z	547	0	It's a one-for-one replacement for the original OEM charger.  There's not much to like or dislike.  It works.  It is what it is.
R3QWO687WUWM6Z	Eddie	0	It's a one-for-one replacement for the original OEM charger.  There's not much to like or dislike.  It works.  It is what it is.
R3RBXNPS2R3HG1	547	3	"I use my note 8 mainly for work, at which I take a lot of notes.  I really enjoy the writing and pen feature of the device, but the battery life and the overall performance of the device makes me jealous of others that are at work who mainly have ipads or ipad mini's.  The overall user experience is a bit choppy.  Some apps that exist on both ipad and android tablets work smoother and faster on my colleagues' ipads (accessing hospital electronic medical records), and there just seems to be more support for the ipad versions of things than android.  This isn't a knock on all things android.  I like my device and plan to continue to purchase android devices (probably beyond Samsung now).  I just wish this device were snappier and the battery performance were better.  To give an example of the battery being poor, I've once unplugged my device at 6am after charging overnight, and by 10am, the battery was in the red after using the pen to write some notes for about 2 hours at 50% brightness.  It's a weird issue because it doesn't always happen, but does occur occasionally.<br /><br />The overall feel that I'm getting with this device is like when I first bought a Galaxy S1 (Verizon Fascinate) and felt that it lagged behind the iphone version at that time but after upgrading to the Galaxy S3, the device felt much improved and much more on-par with the iphone version at the time of the S3 release."
R3RBXNPS2R3HG1	Eddie	3	"I use my note 8 mainly for work, at which I take a lot of notes.  I really enjoy the writing and pen feature of the device, but the battery life and the overall performance of the device makes me jealous of others that are at work who mainly have ipads or ipad mini's.  The overall user experience is a bit choppy.  Some apps that exist on both ipad and android tablets work smoother and faster on my colleagues' ipads (accessing hospital electronic medical records), and there just seems to be more support for the ipad versions of things than android.  This isn't a knock on all things android.  I like my device and plan to continue to purchase android devices (probably beyond Samsung now).  I just wish this device were snappier and the battery performance were better.  To give an example of the battery being poor, I've once unplugged my device at 6am after charging overnight, and by 10am, the battery was in the red after using the pen to write some notes for about 2 hours at 50% brightness.  It's a weird issue because it doesn't always happen, but does occur occasionally.<br /><br />The overall feel that I'm getting with this device is like when I first bought a Galaxy S1 (Verizon Fascinate) and felt that it lagged behind the iphone version at that time but after upgrading to the Galaxy S3, the device felt much improved and much more on-par with the iphone version at the time of the S3 release."
R3RDZAE1G70OGM	547	2	"This computer was amazing for the price and very convenient as a nursing student to take with me to class. My only complaint is that the start button only works when it feels like it, once my desktop got turned black from some bug? (That's what I read), sometimes it won't change landscapes when you turn it upright, once my mouse stopped working completely (figured out that there is a button that disables it on the keyboard), it takes forever to charge and the cord is so short, and once soon after I got it it wouldn't turn on and had to hold power button for awhile. The power life is amazing though. That is one thing I love about it. Lasts a good 8 hours. To me all of these are simple little glitches that could be fixed, but although they are annoying, doesn't interfere with what I need it to do. Love the tablet and computer two in one. Sorry for the long review and I would still recommend this to students especially. Very affordable as well."
R3RDZAE1G70OGM	Eddie	3	"This computer was amazing for the price and very convenient as a nursing student to take with me to class. My only complaint is that the start button only works when it feels like it, once my desktop got turned black from some bug? (That's what I read), sometimes it won't change landscapes when you turn it upright, once my mouse stopped working completely (figured out that there is a button that disables it on the keyboard), it takes forever to charge and the cord is so short, and once soon after I got it it wouldn't turn on and had to hold power button for awhile. The power life is amazing though. That is one thing I love about it. Lasts a good 8 hours. To me all of these are simple little glitches that could be fixed, but although they are annoying, doesn't interfere with what I need it to do. Love the tablet and computer two in one. Sorry for the long review and I would still recommend this to students especially. Very affordable as well."
R3RMQBBBBKHFQ7	547	1	It is O.K. but it is not as flexible as it says or easy flexing it.  It seems like it was intended to moved into a position and left in that position.  The 360 degree turning is very very very did I say very difficult and it makes these loud clicking noise like it is going to break as you attempt the 360 degree turn.
R3RMQBBBBKHFQ7	Eddie	2	It is O.K. but it is not as flexible as it says or easy flexing it.  It seems like it was intended to moved into a position and left in that position.  The 360 degree turning is very very very did I say very difficult and it makes these loud clicking noise like it is going to break as you attempt the 360 degree turn.
R3RN6D35PGYS1	547	2	"This device works well for the SSD in the 2012 MacBook Air. DO not attempt to use any others it will not work. My Macbook Air died and I needed the data. I removed the drive and was able to mount it using this storage solution, but I cannot use it for anything else besides this model."
R3RN6D35PGYS1	Eddie	2	"This device works well for the SSD in the 2012 MacBook Air. DO not attempt to use any others it will not work. My Macbook Air died and I needed the data. I removed the drive and was able to mount it using this storage solution, but I cannot use it for anything else besides this model."
R3RZHH059PFHZ	547	3	"The cable is great, but the choice to include the tab covers is bad.  Those make it much harder to to disconnect the cables and over time they stiffen and make it near impossible.  I have to cut them off every time.  The flat cable has done it's job for our SIP phones and I enjoy that part of the cable though."
R3RZHH059PFHZ	Eddie	3	"The cable is great, but the choice to include the tab covers is bad.  Those make it much harder to to disconnect the cables and over time they stiffen and make it near impossible.  I have to cut them off every time.  The flat cable has done it's job for our SIP phones and I enjoy that part of the cable though."
R3S7HJ8DRISXY	547	2	"First, I can say that this is the best bluetooth interface to my stereo system that I can find at a reasonable price.  It is simple and easy to setup so that I can feed music to my stereo or listen to it wirelessly.    I stream music to this device from my ipod bluetooth interface (A125s).  I listen to music from my stereo via this device using my bluetooth headset (BT620s).  This device paired easily and consistently keep the pairings.  Connection to the A125s dropped occasionally during music playing but only for a short time and not enough to be annoying yet.    Now, for the bad part.  The audio lag is very noticeable and is at a varying amount.  This make playing games like Guitar Hero almost impossible if you are keeping rhythm by listening to the music.  On GH4 (World Tour), there is an audio calibration that can help compensate for the lag but I still have problem due to fluctuation in the delay.  GH3 has no such calibration so I can't play any songs beyond the easy mode when using this device.    I should note here that the audio lag may be a common problem with all bluetooth audio devices.  There are three devices in the loop here (my stereo system, the bluetooth gateway and the bluetooth headphone) and each of them probably contributes to this problem in someway.    Overall, it is a good device to have.  The audio lag is a big let down for me but for others, this issue is probably not a big deal."
R3S7HJ8DRISXY	Eddie	2	"First, I can say that this is the best bluetooth interface to my stereo system that I can find at a reasonable price.  It is simple and easy to setup so that I can feed music to my stereo or listen to it wirelessly.    I stream music to this device from my ipod bluetooth interface (A125s).  I listen to music from my stereo via this device using my bluetooth headset (BT620s).  This device paired easily and consistently keep the pairings.  Connection to the A125s dropped occasionally during music playing but only for a short time and not enough to be annoying yet.    Now, for the bad part.  The audio lag is very noticeable and is at a varying amount.  This make playing games like Guitar Hero almost impossible if you are keeping rhythm by listening to the music.  On GH4 (World Tour), there is an audio calibration that can help compensate for the lag but I still have problem due to fluctuation in the delay.  GH3 has no such calibration so I can't play any songs beyond the easy mode when using this device.    I should note here that the audio lag may be a common problem with all bluetooth audio devices.  There are three devices in the loop here (my stereo system, the bluetooth gateway and the bluetooth headphone) and each of them probably contributes to this problem in someway.    Overall, it is a good device to have.  The audio lag is a big let down for me but for others, this issue is probably not a big deal."
R3S9NDV31MTITD	547	1	"For the price I guess I couldn't ask for more. I bought this for my daughter so she can have a little tablet, but honestly it's slow. My Galaxy S II is faster and more reliable. I wouldn't buy this again. Next time I buy a tablet, I'll just cough up the money and get the Galaxy TAB."
R3S9NDV31MTITD	Eddie	1	"For the price I guess I couldn't ask for more. I bought this for my daughter so she can have a little tablet, but honestly it's slow. My Galaxy S II is faster and more reliable. I wouldn't buy this again. Next time I buy a tablet, I'll just cough up the money and get the Galaxy TAB."
R3SHXOWPGZBKZA	547	2	Very disappointed with this product. The bottom metal part has these bumps on the side as if it was being to rust away. The inside middle piece the swirl prevention thing has rust on it. The clamps are dark green which works out well for me but others that would liked the black would have to paint it. This is a great reservoir with 250ml capacity with is good so you have enough liquid in your loop.
R3SHXOWPGZBKZA	Eddie	2	Very disappointed with this product. The bottom metal part has these bumps on the side as if it was being to rust away. The inside middle piece the swirl prevention thing has rust on it. The clamps are dark green which works out well for me but others that would liked the black would have to paint it. This is a great reservoir with 250ml capacity with is good so you have enough liquid in your loop.
R3SWJFM83YU1J8	547	1	"The product took a long while to get to me, but I guess overall it seems to work well. I just recieved it today, so I will come back with another review soon. Oh yeah, my blue tooth head phones dont work with it wich kind of sucks, but we will see what else i can use it for."
R3SWJFM83YU1J8	Eddie	1	"The product took a long while to get to me, but I guess overall it seems to work well. I just recieved it today, so I will come back with another review soon. Oh yeah, my blue tooth head phones dont work with it wich kind of sucks, but we will see what else i can use it for."
R3T3080XGPXXIP	547	2	"The latest software for this keypad is from 2010 and there are no new versions available to fix the main issue under OS X about the LCD Manager app consuming from 50% to 80% of CPU even when the keypad is not in use.<br /><br />The product is great, but that software issue is a killer, even more when you are in a game and you need all CPU power for the game, not for the keyboard. How come a keyboard application can kill the resources of a computer!<br /><br />If Logitech do not release an update soon, I will be looking at the Razer Nostromo Gaming Keypad (RZ07-00490100-R3) to replace this one, I know the Nostromo is not as comfortable as the Logitech, but it has full support for OS X and constant updates of the drivers/firmware, which is the downside of Logitech.<br /><br />Logitech, please fix this!!!"
R3T3080XGPXXIP	Eddie	2	"The latest software for this keypad is from 2010 and there are no new versions available to fix the main issue under OS X about the LCD Manager app consuming from 50% to 80% of CPU even when the keypad is not in use.<br /><br />The product is great, but that software issue is a killer, even more when you are in a game and you need all CPU power for the game, not for the keyboard. How come a keyboard application can kill the resources of a computer!<br /><br />If Logitech do not release an update soon, I will be looking at the Razer Nostromo Gaming Keypad (RZ07-00490100-R3) to replace this one, I know the Nostromo is not as comfortable as the Logitech, but it has full support for OS X and constant updates of the drivers/firmware, which is the downside of Logitech.<br /><br />Logitech, please fix this!!!"
R3T4SGO75B048P	547	2	PROS:  -The lighted keys make the symbols quite easy to see.  -The volume wheel is nice.    CONS:  -You can't assign individual colors to each button.  -Oftentimes I hit the G1 button instead of the Escape button. I just haven't gotten used it yet.  -I have a Creative audio card and if I plug the headphones on the keyboard I lose EAX.
R3T4SGO75B048P	Eddie	2	PROS:  -The lighted keys make the symbols quite easy to see.  -The volume wheel is nice.    CONS:  -You can't assign individual colors to each button.  -Oftentimes I hit the G1 button instead of the Escape button. I just haven't gotten used it yet.  -I have a Creative audio card and if I plug the headphones on the keyboard I lose EAX.
R3TFDR3YU9IVBI	547	2	"It went on as advertised no bubbles, the high Definition is there. but the anti-glare is not present, I gave it a 3 because it fails in the anti-glare which I need in a large hall with overhead lights I can see the lights clearly which interferes with my view of my ipad. if Anti-Glare<br />is not what your worried about I would recommend this product."
R3TFDR3YU9IVBI	Eddie	2	"It went on as advertised no bubbles, the high Definition is there. but the anti-glare is not present, I gave it a 3 because it fails in the anti-glare which I need in a large hall with overhead lights I can see the lights clearly which interferes with my view of my ipad. if Anti-Glare<br />is not what your worried about I would recommend this product."
R3TGBQ3HHR5YXO	547	1	... but would not let me register it for warranty purposes.  &#34;Wrong verification code&#34; keeps coming up.<br />Using with MacBook.  Light-weight plastic body.
R3TGBQ3HHR5YXO	Eddie	1	... but would not let me register it for warranty purposes.  &#34;Wrong verification code&#34; keeps coming up.<br />Using with MacBook.  Light-weight plastic body.
R3TGYQAN8NNRFL	547	1	Works well but not compatible with Panasonic TV
R3TGYQAN8NNRFL	Eddie	1	Works well but not compatible with Panasonic TV
R3TMOBXFTG1N3V	547	2	"I was excited to order this because of the \\""egg crate\\"" type interior.  I carry my Kindle in my purse at all times and I worry about it getting squished. I currently have it in the Built neoprene sleeve, which I love, except it doesn't have a zippered top.<br /><br />I ordered this two day air, got it in a few minutes ago, put my Kindle in it and it floats all around the case. I now have my Kindle in my Built sleeve, inside the Roo case.  I just had to Fold the top of the sleeve down to zip the roo case.  Now my Kindle is snug in the roo case."
R3TMOBXFTG1N3V	Eddie	2	"I was excited to order this because of the \\""egg crate\\"" type interior.  I carry my Kindle in my purse at all times and I worry about it getting squished. I currently have it in the Built neoprene sleeve, which I love, except it doesn't have a zippered top.<br /><br />I ordered this two day air, got it in a few minutes ago, put my Kindle in it and it floats all around the case. I now have my Kindle in my Built sleeve, inside the Roo case.  I just had to Fold the top of the sleeve down to zip the roo case.  Now my Kindle is snug in the roo case."
R3TNEIUNGVCYT7	547	2	"Toshiba has a very poor naming system for their tablets. This cover fits the Excite 10LE just fine. The Excite 10 is a different device altogether and this will not fit. The Amazon description is accurate and correct. Don't blame anyone, but yourself if you can't or won't read.<br /><br />All that said, this is a decent cover. It is a bit thick, which is a shame since the Excite 10 LE's claim to fame is it's thinness. The PU or bonded leather looks nice, but I'm concerned about its durability. I don't think you would want to get it wet. The stand function is very nice."
R3TNEIUNGVCYT7	Eddie	2	"Toshiba has a very poor naming system for their tablets. This cover fits the Excite 10LE just fine. The Excite 10 is a different device altogether and this will not fit. The Amazon description is accurate and correct. Don't blame anyone, but yourself if you can't or won't read.<br /><br />All that said, this is a decent cover. It is a bit thick, which is a shame since the Excite 10 LE's claim to fame is it's thinness. The PU or bonded leather looks nice, but I'm concerned about its durability. I don't think you would want to get it wet. The stand function is very nice."
R3TUSKCD5R9YSA	547	3	"It does catpure with great quality, but I did not realize how much of a pain it would be to capture. If you plug in your HDMI from your game system into the game capture, then you cannot play your game or even use the game system unless the game capture is on.<br /><br />The only way it turns on is if the HDMI from your system is connected to the box, the HDMI from the box to your TV is connected, and if the cord that connects the Box to your PC is plugged in, and your PC needs to be turned on and open to the editing screen. Then your capture box will turn on and work, which will allow the data to flow to the TV so YOU CAN ACTUALLY SEE THE GAME ON YOUR TV<br /><br />I did not know that it had to be that difficult. My PC computer is not set up close to my TV, so I had to use my Laptop instead, which is leaving cords completely stretched out. It's a pain, and I am not so pumped to use it.<br /><br />THIS EXPECTS THAT YOU PLAY COMPUTER GAMES ON THE SAME SCREEN THAT YOU PLAY YOUR XBOX OR PS4. IF YOU DO THOSE SEPERATLY, THEN YOU SHOULD FIND ANOTHER ALTERNATIVE UNLESS YOU GOT A LAPTOP, OR ARE WILLING TO REORGANIZE YOUR HOME SETUP<br /><br />It does stream games very well and does capture games quite well. It also has a good editing program.<br /><br />DO NOT THROW OUT YOUR BOX WHEN YOU GET IT, UNTIL YOU GO ONLINE AND DOWNLOAD THE PROGRAM"
R3TUSKCD5R9YSA	Eddie	3	"It does catpure with great quality, but I did not realize how much of a pain it would be to capture. If you plug in your HDMI from your game system into the game capture, then you cannot play your game or even use the game system unless the game capture is on.<br /><br />The only way it turns on is if the HDMI from your system is connected to the box, the HDMI from the box to your TV is connected, and if the cord that connects the Box to your PC is plugged in, and your PC needs to be turned on and open to the editing screen. Then your capture box will turn on and work, which will allow the data to flow to the TV so YOU CAN ACTUALLY SEE THE GAME ON YOUR TV<br /><br />I did not know that it had to be that difficult. My PC computer is not set up close to my TV, so I had to use my Laptop instead, which is leaving cords completely stretched out. It's a pain, and I am not so pumped to use it.<br /><br />THIS EXPECTS THAT YOU PLAY COMPUTER GAMES ON THE SAME SCREEN THAT YOU PLAY YOUR XBOX OR PS4. IF YOU DO THOSE SEPERATLY, THEN YOU SHOULD FIND ANOTHER ALTERNATIVE UNLESS YOU GOT A LAPTOP, OR ARE WILLING TO REORGANIZE YOUR HOME SETUP<br /><br />It does stream games very well and does capture games quite well. It also has a good editing program.<br /><br />DO NOT THROW OUT YOUR BOX WHEN YOU GET IT, UNTIL YOU GO ONLINE AND DOWNLOAD THE PROGRAM"
R3U67ABJ4S7ESM	547	1	"When is stand mode the top corners do not hold the iPad from starting to slide down the top of the case. This started to happen very shortly after I purchased, but just having a chance to review now, while I am on Amazon looking for a new case."
R3U67ABJ4S7ESM	Eddie	1	"When is stand mode the top corners do not hold the iPad from starting to slide down the top of the case. This started to happen very shortly after I purchased, but just having a chance to review now, while I am on Amazon looking for a new case."
R3U7FQ3X7XIP3X	547	2	"It might be just a case of incompatibility with my motherboard's SATA interface. (which I doubt it, as my motherboard is somewhat decent, the high end of gigabyte's offerings for Intel P45 popular chipset EP45-DQ6).     But in any case, I thought it might be helpful to point out that it does't work well over SATA (lots of corrupted files) when running under Windows 7 64bit (haven't tried it under other OSs)    However, it works very well via its handy built-in USB interface."
R3U7FQ3X7XIP3X	Eddie	2	"It might be just a case of incompatibility with my motherboard's SATA interface. (which I doubt it, as my motherboard is somewhat decent, the high end of gigabyte's offerings for Intel P45 popular chipset EP45-DQ6).     But in any case, I thought it might be helpful to point out that it does't work well over SATA (lots of corrupted files) when running under Windows 7 64bit (haven't tried it under other OSs)    However, it works very well via its handy built-in USB interface."
R3U9ZFQ19F6EOZ	547	2	"i did not see much faster compared to my tab 3.  it's thicker and heavier than i expected (later generation compared to previous generation).  For surfing web and some simple tasks, it would not be bad.  The battery doesn't last long, just for your info"
R3U9ZFQ19F6EOZ	Eddie	2	"i did not see much faster compared to my tab 3.  it's thicker and heavier than i expected (later generation compared to previous generation).  For surfing web and some simple tasks, it would not be bad.  The battery doesn't last long, just for your info"
R3ULIRBHM2IHZ0	547	3	This keyboard works OK to some degree with its limited number of features. It has one major flaw - it can only be used on a desktop. It is inconceivable that no provision is available to secure the tablet to the keyboard. The tablet simply sits in a keyboard slot where the slightest nudge will dislodge it with the very real possibility of falling and becoming damaged. I use a PC at home and purchased this tablet and keyboard to take on the road to various events such as the Georgia International Horse park to watch the horses do their thing. I also expected to be able to place it in a shopping cart such as at a grocery store where I can see my shopping list. No can do.<br /><br />If all you need is a firm desktop space on which to set down your tablet and if you do not require hardly any convenient features then this may be right down your alley. But if you plan to use it on the road then it would be to your advantage to get a better keyboard.
R3ULIRBHM2IHZ0	Eddie	3	This keyboard works OK to some degree with its limited number of features. It has one major flaw - it can only be used on a desktop. It is inconceivable that no provision is available to secure the tablet to the keyboard. The tablet simply sits in a keyboard slot where the slightest nudge will dislodge it with the very real possibility of falling and becoming damaged. I use a PC at home and purchased this tablet and keyboard to take on the road to various events such as the Georgia International Horse park to watch the horses do their thing. I also expected to be able to place it in a shopping cart such as at a grocery store where I can see my shopping list. No can do.<br /><br />If all you need is a firm desktop space on which to set down your tablet and if you do not require hardly any convenient features then this may be right down your alley. But if you plan to use it on the road then it would be to your advantage to get a better keyboard.
R3VBBJUJTSX5BW	547	3	"Just got this keyboard and it is working great!  keys feel awesome, nice touch with the rubber padding for my gaming situations, and an excellent price for a mechanical keyboard.  I had missed the sound and love the feel of it.<br /><br />I have one CON,  Arrow Key gamers beware;  You are able to use up and left or up and right to move forward and strafe, however, moving forward while strafing is the only thing you can do with the buttons near the arrow keys.  While pressing both up and left or both up and right, no other (3rd simultaneous key press) button works.  They work fine individually or if you are only moving forward, or only strafing, but you cannot move forward, strafe, and hit another key at the same time.  For this reason i have dropped it two stars because i feel doing these actions is important for my gaming and I was quite disappointed when i found I was limited in this.  I just wish i had kept the box so i could return this keyboard for one that will work for my button combinations.<br /><br />Other than the one con listed above, I love this keyboard and will probably use it for a work computer or one of the boys school keyboards."
R3VBBJUJTSX5BW	Eddie	3	"Just got this keyboard and it is working great!  keys feel awesome, nice touch with the rubber padding for my gaming situations, and an excellent price for a mechanical keyboard.  I had missed the sound and love the feel of it.<br /><br />I have one CON,  Arrow Key gamers beware;  You are able to use up and left or up and right to move forward and strafe, however, moving forward while strafing is the only thing you can do with the buttons near the arrow keys.  While pressing both up and left or both up and right, no other (3rd simultaneous key press) button works.  They work fine individually or if you are only moving forward, or only strafing, but you cannot move forward, strafe, and hit another key at the same time.  For this reason i have dropped it two stars because i feel doing these actions is important for my gaming and I was quite disappointed when i found I was limited in this.  I just wish i had kept the box so i could return this keyboard for one that will work for my button combinations.<br /><br />Other than the one con listed above, I love this keyboard and will probably use it for a work computer or one of the boys school keyboards."
R3VBGZ6HLSC6JB	547	1	"These are PC3 10700 (667 MHz) that are certified to clock to 800 MHz. I bought these to add to a pair of already installed CMZ16GX3M2A1600C10. I mistakenly thought that the CML16GX3M2A1600C10 would be the same memory with the only difference being low-profile versus high-profile heat spreaders. The CMZ16GX3M2A1600C10 is true PC3 12800 (800 MHz), but this memory is not. I added this low-profile memory so the last slot would not interfere with my CPU cooler fan.  Fortunately both pairs work together fine at 800 MHz in dual-channel mode on my ASRock Extreme6 motherboard. It just seems like false advertising though."
R3VBGZ6HLSC6JB	Eddie	2	"These are PC3 10700 (667 MHz) that are certified to clock to 800 MHz. I bought these to add to a pair of already installed CMZ16GX3M2A1600C10. I mistakenly thought that the CML16GX3M2A1600C10 would be the same memory with the only difference being low-profile versus high-profile heat spreaders. The CMZ16GX3M2A1600C10 is true PC3 12800 (800 MHz), but this memory is not. I added this low-profile memory so the last slot would not interfere with my CPU cooler fan.  Fortunately both pairs work together fine at 800 MHz in dual-channel mode on my ASRock Extreme6 motherboard. It just seems like false advertising though."
R3VLQ3CCD9UIPP	547	2	"[[VIDEOID:mo2VBBPZCJ4TTUB]]The Highpoint Rocketstor 5212 does deliver thunderbolt speeds, but not without some speed bumps along the way.<br /><br />The first problem, as other reviewers have indicated, is that there is only one thunderbolt port on the back. Storage devices like this should really have the second passthrough connector to maximize their usability.<br /><br />My major issue with this device are some inconsistencies in its performance. I've found that drives don't always mount or remount after being ejected. On a few occasions I had to power the device down to reset it so that it could recognize my drives. It also put my Mac into a system kernel panic three times this evening, which is the equivalent of the Windows blue screen of death. These issues usually occurred when inserting a drive into the device.<br /><br />These issues aside the device does deliver decent speeds consistent with other SATA devices I've used my drives on. As a test I set up two SSDs in a striped RAID 0 mode and found good performance as well. But I have a hard time recommending it given the mounting and kernel panic issues I've experienced with the device during my testing."
R3VLQ3CCD9UIPP	Eddie	3	"[[VIDEOID:mo2VBBPZCJ4TTUB]]The Highpoint Rocketstor 5212 does deliver thunderbolt speeds, but not without some speed bumps along the way.<br /><br />The first problem, as other reviewers have indicated, is that there is only one thunderbolt port on the back. Storage devices like this should really have the second passthrough connector to maximize their usability.<br /><br />My major issue with this device are some inconsistencies in its performance. I've found that drives don't always mount or remount after being ejected. On a few occasions I had to power the device down to reset it so that it could recognize my drives. It also put my Mac into a system kernel panic three times this evening, which is the equivalent of the Windows blue screen of death. These issues usually occurred when inserting a drive into the device.<br /><br />These issues aside the device does deliver decent speeds consistent with other SATA devices I've used my drives on. As a test I set up two SSDs in a striped RAID 0 mode and found good performance as well. But I have a hard time recommending it given the mounting and kernel panic issues I've experienced with the device during my testing."
R3VQQIGIYGWJ0O	547	3	"I wish I had phyically seen this netbook before buying it.  The individual keys are this netbook is just too tiny compares to other netbooks.  I also own a HP mini 1010 netbook, and this idealpad's keys are only about 75% in size compares to the HP.  It makes very difficult to type.  The overall built quality seems decent and the screen is bright enough.   The unit also does not seem to run hot and it stays very quite.   The 6 cell battery that comes with the unit is a big plus.      Bottom line, if you are not going to do alot the typing, then this unit is fine.  However, if you do, then you better off consider some other brands."
R3VQQIGIYGWJ0O	Eddie	3	"I wish I had phyically seen this netbook before buying it.  The individual keys are this netbook is just too tiny compares to other netbooks.  I also own a HP mini 1010 netbook, and this idealpad's keys are only about 75% in size compares to the HP.  It makes very difficult to type.  The overall built quality seems decent and the screen is bright enough.   The unit also does not seem to run hot and it stays very quite.   The 6 cell battery that comes with the unit is a big plus.      Bottom line, if you are not going to do alot the typing, then this unit is fine.  However, if you do, then you better off consider some other brands."
R3VQYJ075MTNJ2	547	2	"Without revealing much, I go to a very rigorous school and I carry a lot of books around. Something to the tune of 20-25 pounds per day. Not fun.<br /><br />For about half of the year, this worked, but it has slowly ripped, not just the backpack but the zippers and other things.<br /><br />If you are carrying around a laptop and an iPad this is fine. I would not recommend this for heavy things, but otherwise it is great."
R3VQYJ075MTNJ2	Eddie	2	"Without revealing much, I go to a very rigorous school and I carry a lot of books around. Something to the tune of 20-25 pounds per day. Not fun.<br /><br />For about half of the year, this worked, but it has slowly ripped, not just the backpack but the zippers and other things.<br /><br />If you are carrying around a laptop and an iPad this is fine. I would not recommend this for heavy things, but otherwise it is great."
R3W4A1UREKMAMN	547	1	The first Marware Vibe case I got more times then not would not wake up my Kindle when I opened the lid.<br />So I returned it to Amazon which was so easy and they had me a new case the next day!!<br />This new one works fine and I love the quality and feel of the product.
R3W4A1UREKMAMN	Eddie	1	The first Marware Vibe case I got more times then not would not wake up my Kindle when I opened the lid.<br />So I returned it to Amazon which was so easy and they had me a new case the next day!!<br />This new one works fine and I love the quality and feel of the product.
R3Y5M5MTSXLN2	547	0	"We had a couple of these go bad on our Drobos, so I bought two replacements.  But dear lord Drobo is charging WAY too much for them!"
R3Y5M5MTSXLN2	Eddie	0	"We had a couple of these go bad on our Drobos, so I bought two replacements.  But dear lord Drobo is charging WAY too much for them!"
R48QUBTFMPZ95	547	2	it is one of the few stands that will hold iPad with a smart cover on iPad. Not as stable as it could be but compact and so travels well.  no idea what velcro strips were for.  takes way to long to arrive.  one month is ridiculous.
R48QUBTFMPZ95	Eddie	2	it is one of the few stands that will hold iPad with a smart cover on iPad. Not as stable as it could be but compact and so travels well.  no idea what velcro strips were for.  takes way to long to arrive.  one month is ridiculous.
R4Y35U7EL35T6	547	1	"I actually like the shape and feel of the predecessor a lot more, but this one works quite well as advertised.  The previous model is more round and feels more ergonomic.  This one works well enough, though not as comfortable. I will likely keep it and give it away if I can find one of the model which this one replaces."
R4Y35U7EL35T6	Eddie	1	"I actually like the shape and feel of the predecessor a lot more, but this one works quite well as advertised.  The previous model is more round and feels more ergonomic.  This one works well enough, though not as comfortable. I will likely keep it and give it away if I can find one of the model which this one replaces."
R5C1F3N1T3IJN	547	1	"Very heavy, hopefully that means it holds up.  Was disappointed that eject button doesn't work (by design) once the DVD is inside.  An eject button was one reason I bought this instead of the Apple version.  Also, having two cords for people with low-powered USB ports is a pain - always have the second cord flopping around.  Thinking of just cutting it off."
R5C1F3N1T3IJN	Eddie	2	"Very heavy, hopefully that means it holds up.  Was disappointed that eject button doesn't work (by design) once the DVD is inside.  An eject button was one reason I bought this instead of the Apple version.  Also, having two cords for people with low-powered USB ports is a pain - always have the second cord flopping around.  Thinking of just cutting it off."
R5LK234URVQU	547	1	Lid cover fits tight.  Bottom does not fit tight.  The snap on tabs on the back corners do not snap in place.  Since the bottom does not fit tight I had to remove the handle because the bottom would come off if I carried by the handle.
R5LK234URVQU	Eddie	1	Lid cover fits tight.  Bottom does not fit tight.  The snap on tabs on the back corners do not snap in place.  Since the bottom does not fit tight I had to remove the handle because the bottom would come off if I carried by the handle.
R5SJQP26IKDRF	547	1	This screen protector is crystal clear. This is okay if you do not use your tablet in bright lights or outdoors. I will be looking for an anti-glare screen protector because there is to much reflection.
R5SJQP26IKDRF	Eddie	1	This screen protector is crystal clear. This is okay if you do not use your tablet in bright lights or outdoors. I will be looking for an anti-glare screen protector because there is to much reflection.
R5UMNV10XZG1X	547	1	"The cable is too short for my need (~6-7 ft.), as I usually don't work in rooms where I'm that close to a power outlet. Anything else works well for me."
R5UMNV10XZG1X	Eddie	1	"The cable is too short for my need (~6-7 ft.), as I usually don't work in rooms where I'm that close to a power outlet. Anything else works well for me."
R5YPYRBKLKDRO	547	3	"If you consider the Fire as an e-book reader, it's really great. But as a tablet it's pretty bad. The apps available are limited when compared to other Android tablets. You don't have full access to all of the Android apps out there.<br /><br />The Silk browser is awful. Visiting web sites with the Silk browser can be frustrating. The virtual keyboard tends to disappear for no reason and the Silk browser doesn't recognize all of the input fields of some websites. For instance, when using GMail the browser doesn't recognize the field for the body of the message! You can't get your cursor in their to type anything.<br /><br />Highlighting, cutting and pasting will make you want to toss it out the window. It feels like you have almost no control over it.<br /><br />Also, the touch screen has a very slow response time. Sometimes I touch the screen and think nothing has happened so I touch it again only to accidentally trigger another action because the Fire has finally responded to the first touch.<br /><br />Like I said, if you need a tablet, spend a few more bucks and get a real one not this fancy reader."
R5YPYRBKLKDRO	Eddie	3	"If you consider the Fire as an e-book reader, it's really great. But as a tablet it's pretty bad. The apps available are limited when compared to other Android tablets. You don't have full access to all of the Android apps out there.<br /><br />The Silk browser is awful. Visiting web sites with the Silk browser can be frustrating. The virtual keyboard tends to disappear for no reason and the Silk browser doesn't recognize all of the input fields of some websites. For instance, when using GMail the browser doesn't recognize the field for the body of the message! You can't get your cursor in their to type anything.<br /><br />Highlighting, cutting and pasting will make you want to toss it out the window. It feels like you have almost no control over it.<br /><br />Also, the touch screen has a very slow response time. Sometimes I touch the screen and think nothing has happened so I touch it again only to accidentally trigger another action because the Fire has finally responded to the first touch.<br /><br />Like I said, if you need a tablet, spend a few more bucks and get a real one not this fancy reader."
R6IILZJ9A9JST	547	2	"The second Plantronics Foldable headset works fine,so far.   The original headset worked for a few days before the microphone failed. Amazon customer service responded heroically and replaced the defective headset by overnight air delivery service. Amazon gets five stars, but in the words of our great leader, George W., \\""the jury is still out on the longevity of the Plantronics Foldable Headset\\"" . . . . . thomast"
R6IILZJ9A9JST	Eddie	2	"The second Plantronics Foldable headset works fine,so far.   The original headset worked for a few days before the microphone failed. Amazon customer service responded heroically and replaced the defective headset by overnight air delivery service. Amazon gets five stars, but in the words of our great leader, George W., \\""the jury is still out on the longevity of the Plantronics Foldable Headset\\"" . . . . . thomast"
R6RN2TSYUEWVD	547	3	"The fan controller does not work out of the box. The pump still works and I am getting good cpu temperatures just by putting the radiator near the 200mm case fans on my HAF-X. I am waiting for my RMA to get a fully functional system. Hopefully that will have even better temps.   Corsair seems to have a couple of bad batches of these. There were a rash of complaints on their forums earlier this year which forced a recall of one batch, and this week they have another slew of complaints about the most recent batch.   Should be a good product based on my preliminary temps but their poor QC has me worried for the long term."
R6RN2TSYUEWVD	Eddie	3	"The fan controller does not work out of the box. The pump still works and I am getting good cpu temperatures just by putting the radiator near the 200mm case fans on my HAF-X. I am waiting for my RMA to get a fully functional system. Hopefully that will have even better temps.   Corsair seems to have a couple of bad batches of these. There were a rash of complaints on their forums earlier this year which forced a recall of one batch, and this week they have another slew of complaints about the most recent batch.   Should be a good product based on my preliminary temps but their poor QC has me worried for the long term."
R6Y77EWHGZHWQ	547	1	"Nice case, fits well and not heavy or bulky. Cute, too.  Edited Sept. 2015: I noticed in July that the fake leather of the case was cracking where it folds open, now in September its completely cracked and only the fabric backing is holding it together so it wobbly. I'll be needing to get a new case. I'd hoped this would last longer than six months."
R6Y77EWHGZHWQ	Eddie	2	"Nice case, fits well and not heavy or bulky. Cute, too.  Edited Sept. 2015: I noticed in July that the fake leather of the case was cracking where it folds open, now in September its completely cracked and only the fabric backing is holding it together so it wobbly. I'll be needing to get a new case. I'd hoped this would last longer than six months."
R6Z9TO7PGVH6X	547	2	"I hooked up both ( bought 2)) and my Ipad2 BT connected them but they must be on the same frequency because it made them not work. I would have thought they would have been on different waves. I can only use one at a time. Hoping to put one both upstairs and downstairs. If someone has any ideas please let me know, if not, I guess I now have one I cannot use.  Thanks....bob"
R6Z9TO7PGVH6X	Eddie	2	"I hooked up both ( bought 2)) and my Ipad2 BT connected them but they must be on the same frequency because it made them not work. I would have thought they would have been on different waves. I can only use one at a time. Hoping to put one both upstairs and downstairs. If someone has any ideas please let me know, if not, I guess I now have one I cannot use.  Thanks....bob"
R749HCUM3BLYI	547	2	"I loved this MacBook cover until the rubber feet started falling off.  One I was able to stick back on, but then it fell off again and was lost.  Then another came loose and keeps falling off and I am sure it will disappear sometime soon.  Now my laptop is out of balance and rocks while I use it, which is super annoying.<br /><br />Otherwise, all ports that I have needed are accessible, the case snaps on cleanly and looks nice and is unobtrusive.  I do find that the edge of the case that hits my wrists does irritate somewhat, so if the feet had not fallen off I would have given 4 stars, only subtracting for that reason.  Also, fingerprints become visible over time, but I don't mind that so much.  It does a good job protecting the surface of my laptop.  I don't think it would do much to protect it from an impact, but it does a good job for scratches. I have the light green and love the color."
R749HCUM3BLYI	Eddie	3	"I loved this MacBook cover until the rubber feet started falling off.  One I was able to stick back on, but then it fell off again and was lost.  Then another came loose and keeps falling off and I am sure it will disappear sometime soon.  Now my laptop is out of balance and rocks while I use it, which is super annoying.<br /><br />Otherwise, all ports that I have needed are accessible, the case snaps on cleanly and looks nice and is unobtrusive.  I do find that the edge of the case that hits my wrists does irritate somewhat, so if the feet had not fallen off I would have given 4 stars, only subtracting for that reason.  Also, fingerprints become visible over time, but I don't mind that so much.  It does a good job protecting the surface of my laptop.  I don't think it would do much to protect it from an impact, but it does a good job for scratches. I have the light green and love the color."
R7T11T20WJOUD	547	2	"If you like to enable mac address filtering on your router and have any device that does not start with a 00: (in my case an ipod touch) do not get this router. It amazes me that such a big company can't fix such a simple flaw.  There are a lot of devices with mac addresses that don't start with 00:      Some might say there is no need to enable mac address filtering since it can easily be hacked and my response is how much easier it's hackable without it. I have all the other encryptions necessary for my router to be as secure as it can be.    Other than that, this router seems solid.  Through my research online, posters on forums with the same problem have stated that tech support at D-link claim a fix is imminent.  Since I have 30 days, I'll wait to see if a fix indeed comes out.  If not, I'm returning this and getting a Linksys WRT610 which I know doesn't have this problem (used to have Linksys WRT120N before and no such problems)."
R7T11T20WJOUD	Eddie	2	"If you like to enable mac address filtering on your router and have any device that does not start with a 00: (in my case an ipod touch) do not get this router. It amazes me that such a big company can't fix such a simple flaw.  There are a lot of devices with mac addresses that don't start with 00:      Some might say there is no need to enable mac address filtering since it can easily be hacked and my response is how much easier it's hackable without it. I have all the other encryptions necessary for my router to be as secure as it can be.    Other than that, this router seems solid.  Through my research online, posters on forums with the same problem have stated that tech support at D-link claim a fix is imminent.  Since I have 30 days, I'll wait to see if a fix indeed comes out.  If not, I'm returning this and getting a Linksys WRT610 which I know doesn't have this problem (used to have Linksys WRT120N before and no such problems)."
R7U41V8HPTPF3	547	3	"I bought one of these to replace the aging original from my coworker's macbook. While the battery fits and has identical performance to the original, the overall quality of the battery is lower. It doesn't fit smoothly into the battery compartment; you have feel the seams all around the edges. It is also slightly thicker than the original which means it sticks out a bit from the bottom of the notebook.<br /><br />PROs:<br /><br />1) Cheaper than the OEM from Apple<br />2) Same performance as OEM<br /><br />CONs:<br /><br />1) Does not fit perfectly<br />2) Slightly more bulky that original<br /><br />The price is approximately 60% of the OEM direct from Apple, so the question any buyer needs to ask themselves is if savings are worth the downside. If you are a very particular person, I'd suggest paying more for the perfectly fitting original. On the other hand if you don't feel like the negative factors I've described will bother you that much, go ahead and get one."
R7U41V8HPTPF3	Eddie	3	"I bought one of these to replace the aging original from my coworker's macbook. While the battery fits and has identical performance to the original, the overall quality of the battery is lower. It doesn't fit smoothly into the battery compartment; you have feel the seams all around the edges. It is also slightly thicker than the original which means it sticks out a bit from the bottom of the notebook.<br /><br />PROs:<br /><br />1) Cheaper than the OEM from Apple<br />2) Same performance as OEM<br /><br />CONs:<br /><br />1) Does not fit perfectly<br />2) Slightly more bulky that original<br /><br />The price is approximately 60% of the OEM direct from Apple, so the question any buyer needs to ask themselves is if savings are worth the downside. If you are a very particular person, I'd suggest paying more for the perfectly fitting original. On the other hand if you don't feel like the negative factors I've described will bother you that much, go ahead and get one."
R80XUAGMD6GNT	547	1	I ordered this shoulder strap for my laptop bag to replace the original one that came with it which broke.  The hooks are strong and made of metal so they shouldn't break like plastic ones.  My only gripe is that the shoulder pad is too large and bulky as compared to other ones I have had in the past.  Overall it is a decent product.
R80XUAGMD6GNT	Eddie	2	I ordered this shoulder strap for my laptop bag to replace the original one that came with it which broke.  The hooks are strong and made of metal so they shouldn't break like plastic ones.  My only gripe is that the shoulder pad is too large and bulky as compared to other ones I have had in the past.  Overall it is a decent product.
R87OU048TQJ6Z	547	2	I love the case ! Also on that note I can only give three star because it started peeling on the side where the black lining is. I even keep my ipad in the case in a bag. So the wear is minimal. If you use this as your main case .. It will slowly fall apart..
R87OU048TQJ6Z	Eddie	2	I love the case ! Also on that note I can only give three star because it started peeling on the side where the black lining is. I even keep my ipad in the case in a bag. So the wear is minimal. If you use this as your main case .. It will slowly fall apart..
R8BBW1811TIVR	547	2	i didn't want to spend a lot on something i would not use all that often so based on the reviews i picked these out. they arrived quickly and as far as quality there are no problems. the one problem i have however is that they are very uncomfortable and don't fit well. you get what you pay for and for that reason i really shouldn't complain but i would not recommend these to anyone who plans to use them a lot due to fit and comfort. otherwise a good inexpensive headset.
R8BBW1811TIVR	Eddie	1	i didn't want to spend a lot on something i would not use all that often so based on the reviews i picked these out. they arrived quickly and as far as quality there are no problems. the one problem i have however is that they are very uncomfortable and don't fit well. you get what you pay for and for that reason i really shouldn't complain but i would not recommend these to anyone who plans to use them a lot due to fit and comfort. otherwise a good inexpensive headset.
R99Q4QUZCTFCB	547	1	This thing is called scratch resistant but I'm sorry to say the first time I placed it in my bag it became scratched and looked as though I've had it for years
R99Q4QUZCTFCB	Eddie	1	This thing is called scratch resistant but I'm sorry to say the first time I placed it in my bag it became scratched and looked as though I've had it for years
R9RFGN8SN0IO6	547	1	"Does not look like what is presented in the image. It is an okay bookbag, but the spikes look cheap and the bag is not ver durable."
R9RFGN8SN0IO6	Eddie	1	"Does not look like what is presented in the image. It is an okay bookbag, but the spikes look cheap and the bag is not ver durable."
R9SLRMQ82MAEN	547	2	I misplaced my unifying reciever for my logitech keyboard that worked flawlessly with my android phone. This one would not pair without a driver download which is not available for android. Im sure it would have worked if I was a little more computer savvy. Im sure this works fine with all products by logitech. Just be aware of this if you only use for an android device.the return shipping is over half what the product is worth so it was just wasted money unfortunately.  Things like this will make me shop a little tighter on amazon for that very reason. Not everything is a free of cost return.
R9SLRMQ82MAEN	Eddie	2	I misplaced my unifying reciever for my logitech keyboard that worked flawlessly with my android phone. This one would not pair without a driver download which is not available for android. Im sure it would have worked if I was a little more computer savvy. Im sure this works fine with all products by logitech. Just be aware of this if you only use for an android device.the return shipping is over half what the product is worth so it was just wasted money unfortunately.  Things like this will make me shop a little tighter on amazon for that very reason. Not everything is a free of cost return.
RAEYELT62H5I3	547	2	"I bought this only because at the time of this review my Logitech keyboard no longer works with the Android 5.0.2 update. The Samsung keyboard works fine. The keys are a bit better than the Logitech. My biggest complaint is that I don't like the design where the tablet essentially just sits on the keyboard. It is nicer that the whole unit is thinner than when used with the Logitech keyboard but, I liked how the tablet securely fitted into the Logitech keyboard much better. This keyboard will work for now but, should a patch ever be put out to allow the Logitech keyboards to work again I will be switching back and this one will go in the closet."
RAEYELT62H5I3	Eddie	3	"I bought this only because at the time of this review my Logitech keyboard no longer works with the Android 5.0.2 update. The Samsung keyboard works fine. The keys are a bit better than the Logitech. My biggest complaint is that I don't like the design where the tablet essentially just sits on the keyboard. It is nicer that the whole unit is thinner than when used with the Logitech keyboard but, I liked how the tablet securely fitted into the Logitech keyboard much better. This keyboard will work for now but, should a patch ever be put out to allow the Logitech keyboards to work again I will be switching back and this one will go in the closet."
RAGGG39MTMUSP	547	2	"I was disappointed that the eSATA interface on this drive did not work. The USB interface worked fine, and would have been OK if I was willing to settle for the slower interface provided by USB 2.0 vs the higher speed of eSATA. Instead of returning the drive, I removed the hard drive from the Fantom case and installed it in my computer as a second SATA drive. The drive itself works fine, and provides the performance you expect of a SATA II drive. Since the price of the Fantom GreenDrive was low enough, it was worthwhile to use the 2 TB SATA drive contained within the Fantom enclosure in my computer. I plan to use this enclosure in the future with another SATA drive as a USB 2.0 external hard drive, where performance is not critical. However, it is really not acceptable that this unit does not perform per spec out of the box. Any buyer of this external hard drive should be prepared to return it if either of the two interfaces does not work."
RAGGG39MTMUSP	Eddie	2	"I was disappointed that the eSATA interface on this drive did not work. The USB interface worked fine, and would have been OK if I was willing to settle for the slower interface provided by USB 2.0 vs the higher speed of eSATA. Instead of returning the drive, I removed the hard drive from the Fantom case and installed it in my computer as a second SATA drive. The drive itself works fine, and provides the performance you expect of a SATA II drive. Since the price of the Fantom GreenDrive was low enough, it was worthwhile to use the 2 TB SATA drive contained within the Fantom enclosure in my computer. I plan to use this enclosure in the future with another SATA drive as a USB 2.0 external hard drive, where performance is not critical. However, it is really not acceptable that this unit does not perform per spec out of the box. Any buyer of this external hard drive should be prepared to return it if either of the two interfaces does not work."
RAGT1Q5ZHA4U7	547	3	"I bought an Apple Thunderbolt and realized that it was not working with my Macbook pro 2010 (bought my laptop late 2010 and Thunderbolt only works with newer versions of the Macbook pro). While searching on Amazon I noticed the great reviews for this product. The main issue I am having problem with is that I do not seem to have full control on the color adjustment. Somehow my laptop sitting next to this monitor is having livelier colors. I spent hours trying to match the color but just does not work, so color calibration was an issue for me and so the colors on the monitor is not as warm as I would like it and I have learned to live with it. There are options such as ECO and DCR that helps but it is a on/off which does not help me. I have to mention that if I were to use this monitor with a computer, I would not have as much issue with the color. I think connection to the monitor is what is causing issues.<br /><br />The stand is not really sturdy and small hits against the monitor makes the monitor shake but I think for the price it is supposed to be as good as it gets.<br /><br />Overall, if Thunderbolt worked with my laptop, I would have gone with that but as a 2nd choice, this is a good monitor, it was in fact better than all the major brands I saw online on Amazon. The customer service is amazing. I bought it first and the monitor was not working. The seriously helpful support engineer at Nixeus drove from LA to my office in OC to figure it out. Turned out it was the STAR TEC cable I got from amazon and of course he had a cable with him that gave me for free, so one thing with this monitor you do not have to worry about is the customer and support service."
RAGT1Q5ZHA4U7	Eddie	3	"I bought an Apple Thunderbolt and realized that it was not working with my Macbook pro 2010 (bought my laptop late 2010 and Thunderbolt only works with newer versions of the Macbook pro). While searching on Amazon I noticed the great reviews for this product. The main issue I am having problem with is that I do not seem to have full control on the color adjustment. Somehow my laptop sitting next to this monitor is having livelier colors. I spent hours trying to match the color but just does not work, so color calibration was an issue for me and so the colors on the monitor is not as warm as I would like it and I have learned to live with it. There are options such as ECO and DCR that helps but it is a on/off which does not help me. I have to mention that if I were to use this monitor with a computer, I would not have as much issue with the color. I think connection to the monitor is what is causing issues.<br /><br />The stand is not really sturdy and small hits against the monitor makes the monitor shake but I think for the price it is supposed to be as good as it gets.<br /><br />Overall, if Thunderbolt worked with my laptop, I would have gone with that but as a 2nd choice, this is a good monitor, it was in fact better than all the major brands I saw online on Amazon. The customer service is amazing. I bought it first and the monitor was not working. The seriously helpful support engineer at Nixeus drove from LA to my office in OC to figure it out. Turned out it was the STAR TEC cable I got from amazon and of course he had a cable with him that gave me for free, so one thing with this monitor you do not have to worry about is the customer and support service."
RAJO9TQGZU1WT	547	2	"I bought three of these, one for me and two for gifts.  Both gift recipients have reported that the stylus works very well, just as mine does for me.<br /><br />For me, the main reason to get a stylus was to reduce the need for frequent screen cleaning.<br /><br />The only thing that the stylus can't do, of course, is multifinger gestures.<br /><br />It works very nicely with painting programs where I feel like I'm painting with a brush.<br /><br />When not in use, I clip it to my iPad's case, and so it is always available when needed.<br /><br />Update: Eventually the capacitance -- I guess it is -- seems to wear out, and the iPad screen no longer responds predictably to the motion of the stylus.  One other person I know has had the same experience."
RAJO9TQGZU1WT	Eddie	2	"I bought three of these, one for me and two for gifts.  Both gift recipients have reported that the stylus works very well, just as mine does for me.<br /><br />For me, the main reason to get a stylus was to reduce the need for frequent screen cleaning.<br /><br />The only thing that the stylus can't do, of course, is multifinger gestures.<br /><br />It works very nicely with painting programs where I feel like I'm painting with a brush.<br /><br />When not in use, I clip it to my iPad's case, and so it is always available when needed.<br /><br />Update: Eventually the capacitance -- I guess it is -- seems to wear out, and the iPad screen no longer responds predictably to the motion of the stylus.  One other person I know has had the same experience."
RARNXSLL2SJ6F	547	1	"Just a simple cord. What would I have to commemt about. Came as expected, it worked and I am satisfied with my purchase for the price."
RARNXSLL2SJ6F	Eddie	1	"Just a simple cord. What would I have to commemt about. Came as expected, it worked and I am satisfied with my purchase for the price."
RAXKA0FMYXI51	547	0	It's NOT a HP brand new battery as advertised.  Battery works great but I'm disappointed that it's a fake brand than a HP brand battery that I signed up for and wanted.  Buyers beware it's NOT a HP brand battery!!!!
RAXKA0FMYXI51	Eddie	0	It's NOT a HP brand new battery as advertised.  Battery works great but I'm disappointed that it's a fake brand than a HP brand battery that I signed up for and wanted.  Buyers beware it's NOT a HP brand battery!!!!
RBUKGZ2VLOIOC	547	3	"The case is fantastic, does exactly what I bought it to do, covers my macbook nicely although the bottom part of the case doesn't cover the back corners of my macbook pro which isn't very good because they will be the first to get scratched if anything is to happen. The colour is lovely and just what I wanted. Reason for the low review is because of the seller, they sent me the wrong product at first, it was the wrong colour and size. However they did send me the right one free of charge I just had to wait a few more weeks to get it. All in all lovely product that is worth the money considering it is protecting a $3000+ machine."
RBUKGZ2VLOIOC	Eddie	3	"The case is fantastic, does exactly what I bought it to do, covers my macbook nicely although the bottom part of the case doesn't cover the back corners of my macbook pro which isn't very good because they will be the first to get scratched if anything is to happen. The colour is lovely and just what I wanted. Reason for the low review is because of the seller, they sent me the wrong product at first, it was the wrong colour and size. However they did send me the right one free of charge I just had to wait a few more weeks to get it. All in all lovely product that is worth the money considering it is protecting a $3000+ machine."
RCGYJFM3F2AS7	547	2	"Updated on 5/10. I was able to get it working by plugging the keyboard and mouse into the generic USB plugs. For a KVM of this price you expect it to work better. As it stands I'l bump it up from 1 star to 3 because it is usable, you just lose all the extra functionality.<br /><br />When it works it works great, unfortunately it doesn't always work. Sometimes when I'm typing keys get randomly repeated almost as if the key is stuck down. This only happens when the keyboard is connected to the switch so I know the issue isn't the keyboard.<br /><br />Video and KVM controls work great, but part of what I do requires me to login to many machines a day with a pretty long/strong password. Three wrong attempts locks my account and I need to call a helpdesk to get it unlocked thus causing a work stoppage, so I can't afford to cross my fingers and hope the switch works as intended. While this is my only complaint, it's a show stopper for me.<br /><br />I've reported the issue to StarTech, if I get any kind of resolution I'll update this review."
RCGYJFM3F2AS7	Eddie	3	"Updated on 5/10. I was able to get it working by plugging the keyboard and mouse into the generic USB plugs. For a KVM of this price you expect it to work better. As it stands I'l bump it up from 1 star to 3 because it is usable, you just lose all the extra functionality.<br /><br />When it works it works great, unfortunately it doesn't always work. Sometimes when I'm typing keys get randomly repeated almost as if the key is stuck down. This only happens when the keyboard is connected to the switch so I know the issue isn't the keyboard.<br /><br />Video and KVM controls work great, but part of what I do requires me to login to many machines a day with a pretty long/strong password. Three wrong attempts locks my account and I need to call a helpdesk to get it unlocked thus causing a work stoppage, so I can't afford to cross my fingers and hope the switch works as intended. While this is my only complaint, it's a show stopper for me.<br /><br />I've reported the issue to StarTech, if I get any kind of resolution I'll update this review."
RCQRYGYGE3E3D	547	4	"I bought this so I could leave the laptop home and have more room in my carry-on for a recent vacation. I have a few issues with it - it burns power fairly quickly. Once the Kindle goes into sleep mode, it doesn't work properly when you wake up the kindle. You have to turn off bluetooth mode, reboot the keyboard, turn bluetooth mode back on and re-pair the kindle and keyboard.  I find this extremely frustrating - I don't know that I would have chosen this case/keyboard had I known this would be an issue. The keyboard is not compatible with some of the apps I use which have chat - also frustrating but not a huge problem. Finally, the purple is MUCH darker than pictured - much more plum than the light pinkish purple pictured.  It doesn't change the function of the case, but it was a disappointment."
RCQRYGYGE3E3D	Eddie	4	"I bought this so I could leave the laptop home and have more room in my carry-on for a recent vacation. I have a few issues with it - it burns power fairly quickly. Once the Kindle goes into sleep mode, it doesn't work properly when you wake up the kindle. You have to turn off bluetooth mode, reboot the keyboard, turn bluetooth mode back on and re-pair the kindle and keyboard.  I find this extremely frustrating - I don't know that I would have chosen this case/keyboard had I known this would be an issue. The keyboard is not compatible with some of the apps I use which have chat - also frustrating but not a huge problem. Finally, the purple is MUCH darker than pictured - much more plum than the light pinkish purple pictured.  It doesn't change the function of the case, but it was a disappointment."
RDAKLMZP7YKLS	547	1	"It is nice, but the strap is not confortable, and you cannot put alot things inside"
RDAKLMZP7YKLS	Eddie	1	"It is nice, but the strap is not confortable, and you cannot put alot things inside"
RDHB4F1BHMYQL	547	3	"I really enjoy using my new Kindle Touch and now understand why so many avid readers are buying kindles.  The Kindle touch downloads books quickly and the response time for new menus and pages is great.  It is also is very user friendly, setting up an account to purchase books so easy and registering the kindle was simple. There are so many free books and excellent novels under $1.00.  However I wonder if I bought the right Kindle for me.  1st complaint is that I can't read in bed (no backlight)  2nd complaint is that I bought the Kindle with the Offers and Sponsored Screensavers and find that kind of annoying.  I haven't decided if it is worth putting up with the annoyance as it is $30 cheaper than a Kindle touch without the offers.  I understand that I can opt out of the Screensavers and that Amazon will kindly charge me $30 dollars.  3rd complaint is that the text to speech feature is poor as the computer generated voice frequently mispronounces words and doesn't seem to know much about punctuation.  My final complaint is about the audio books.  They are very expensive and do not allow you to follow along with the story as it is being read.  So yes I like the Kindle, but there are many improvements that can be made."
RDHB4F1BHMYQL	Eddie	4	"I really enjoy using my new Kindle Touch and now understand why so many avid readers are buying kindles.  The Kindle touch downloads books quickly and the response time for new menus and pages is great.  It is also is very user friendly, setting up an account to purchase books so easy and registering the kindle was simple. There are so many free books and excellent novels under $1.00.  However I wonder if I bought the right Kindle for me.  1st complaint is that I can't read in bed (no backlight)  2nd complaint is that I bought the Kindle with the Offers and Sponsored Screensavers and find that kind of annoying.  I haven't decided if it is worth putting up with the annoyance as it is $30 cheaper than a Kindle touch without the offers.  I understand that I can opt out of the Screensavers and that Amazon will kindly charge me $30 dollars.  3rd complaint is that the text to speech feature is poor as the computer generated voice frequently mispronounces words and doesn't seem to know much about punctuation.  My final complaint is about the audio books.  They are very expensive and do not allow you to follow along with the story as it is being read.  So yes I like the Kindle, but there are many improvements that can be made."
RDI3LMK87UI57	547	1	it came with the disc tray thing disconnected. wtf.sho nuff....had to actually open it up...really?.was cool after that. not as fast as expected but thems the breaks
RDI3LMK87UI57	Eddie	1	it came with the disc tray thing disconnected. wtf.sho nuff....had to actually open it up...really?.was cool after that. not as fast as expected but thems the breaks
RDRHH75QJS3HL	547	4	"I wanted to use this keyboard with more than one device, pairing as needed.  The first inconvenience is the pairing button is one of those that you need to use a pen or toothpick to press, or paper clip.  Those kind of buttons are not meant to use routinely and are very inconvenient, especially since the power button is positioned so you do not accidentally push it so why not make the pairing button easier to use while not being in the way?    I was able to pair this back and forth about 10 times, and now the pairing button doesn't do anything no matter how long I push it in or what I use.  I can push harder with a pin or try different pokers but that would only break it more.  Luckily the pairing button broke with the keyboard paired with my computer I actually wanted to use it with.  Another issue is the folding keyboard doesn't seem to be stay flat if in your lap because it folds, but that could be my fault not knowing how to lock it but didn't see how to make it lock in the open position.    All that said it works great once paired and if you have a flat surface to use it on."
RDRHH75QJS3HL	Eddie	3	"I wanted to use this keyboard with more than one device, pairing as needed.  The first inconvenience is the pairing button is one of those that you need to use a pen or toothpick to press, or paper clip.  Those kind of buttons are not meant to use routinely and are very inconvenient, especially since the power button is positioned so you do not accidentally push it so why not make the pairing button easier to use while not being in the way?    I was able to pair this back and forth about 10 times, and now the pairing button doesn't do anything no matter how long I push it in or what I use.  I can push harder with a pin or try different pokers but that would only break it more.  Luckily the pairing button broke with the keyboard paired with my computer I actually wanted to use it with.  Another issue is the folding keyboard doesn't seem to be stay flat if in your lap because it folds, but that could be my fault not knowing how to lock it but didn't see how to make it lock in the open position.    All that said it works great once paired and if you have a flat surface to use it on."
RE02DS7SCCWUZ	547	2	I give this 3 stars because it is cheap madevand the screen protector didn't cover the tablet like it should.. the tablet case was cheao made but seems to be dependable enough. I would recommend this product to others if they would fix the issue with the screen protector
RE02DS7SCCWUZ	Eddie	1	I give this 3 stars because it is cheap madevand the screen protector didn't cover the tablet like it should.. the tablet case was cheao made but seems to be dependable enough. I would recommend this product to others if they would fix the issue with the screen protector
REUDT66UAT2BV	547	3	"I like the on-the-fly dpi switching on the bottom. It really came in handy when a game decided to give me molasses mouse in the middle of a heated battle against alien ant crabs.<br /><br />The Razer is smaller than the Microsoft Wheel Mouse Optical I used previously and I can't say that's a good thing. This doesn't feel as good.<br /><br />Recently (I've owned this for two months) the middle button / scroll wheel started squeaking. How annoying is that? Um, I guess I can live with it, but my previous mouse never developed a squeak over its seven year span.<br /><br />Maybe it's a feature! A squeaking mouse! Ahhh..."
REUDT66UAT2BV	Eddie	3	"I like the on-the-fly dpi switching on the bottom. It really came in handy when a game decided to give me molasses mouse in the middle of a heated battle against alien ant crabs.<br /><br />The Razer is smaller than the Microsoft Wheel Mouse Optical I used previously and I can't say that's a good thing. This doesn't feel as good.<br /><br />Recently (I've owned this for two months) the middle button / scroll wheel started squeaking. How annoying is that? Um, I guess I can live with it, but my previous mouse never developed a squeak over its seven year span.<br /><br />Maybe it's a feature! A squeaking mouse! Ahhh..."
RF07E1IZSY58A	547	0	Inconsistent
RF07E1IZSY58A	Eddie	0	Inconsistent
RF08OURERR4N2	547	4	"I love this keyboard and case (there's a &#34;but&#34; coming).  The case is sturdy, and it grips the iPad tightly so that it won't pop out (a problem with my previous Logitech case).  This keyboard has great funtionality and is a bit easier to type on than the Logitech Ultrathin Folio.  The backlight feature on the keyboard is very nice, including the choice of colors.  In terms of design, the only disadvantage for me compared to the Logitech is that the Zagg case cannot be folded back on itself to allow easy holding of the iPad for reading.  However, I quickly got used to holding my iPad like an open book, so this downside did not outweigh the good things about the case.  BUT, the show-stopper for me on this case is that it is completey unreliable on bluetooth connectivity.  I read in some other posts that this was an issue, but I thought it might be an occasional issue.  For me, every time I opened the case to use it, I had to Forget/Re-pair the device to my iPad, and on a few occasions, even that did not work.  That is enough to drive me batty, so I have sent this case back.  However, if Zagg and Apple ever get this bug fixed, I will definitely purchase this item again."
RF08OURERR4N2	Eddie	4	"I love this keyboard and case (there's a &#34;but&#34; coming).  The case is sturdy, and it grips the iPad tightly so that it won't pop out (a problem with my previous Logitech case).  This keyboard has great funtionality and is a bit easier to type on than the Logitech Ultrathin Folio.  The backlight feature on the keyboard is very nice, including the choice of colors.  In terms of design, the only disadvantage for me compared to the Logitech is that the Zagg case cannot be folded back on itself to allow easy holding of the iPad for reading.  However, I quickly got used to holding my iPad like an open book, so this downside did not outweigh the good things about the case.  BUT, the show-stopper for me on this case is that it is completey unreliable on bluetooth connectivity.  I read in some other posts that this was an issue, but I thought it might be an occasional issue.  For me, every time I opened the case to use it, I had to Forget/Re-pair the device to my iPad, and on a few occasions, even that did not work.  That is enough to drive me batty, so I have sent this case back.  However, if Zagg and Apple ever get this bug fixed, I will definitely purchase this item again."
RFZ6G5U5PAN0C	547	1	Extremely difficult to get all bubbles out and not sticky enough to stay on for very long. You get what you pay for.
RFZ6G5U5PAN0C	Eddie	1	Extremely difficult to get all bubbles out and not sticky enough to stay on for very long. You get what you pay for.
RG6V1WQIYAOEF	547	4	"I bought a Speck case for my 2010 MBP.  A couple of weeks later, I bought an Incase hardshell, and sold the Speck case.  The price was about $20 more for the Incase, but it was well worth it and I'll explain why.      There are a couple of issues with the Speck case.  First, the Macbook Pro uses the aluminum as a way to dissipate heat.  That is why the bottom of the case gets hot.  That's also why the MBP is so quiet, because it doesn't need 3-4 fans like a PC laptop.  People that complain about the bottom of the MBP getting hot seem to not understand this key concept.  On the bottom of the Speck case, you can see prefabbed slots that are there for ventilation.  However, only the slots on the left corner are \\""drilled\\"" all the way through.  This makes no sense.  Yes, the left back side of the MBP does get hotter, but why have prefabbed holes etched in the plastic, but only have 25% of them actually usable?      Second, the bottom part of the Speck case attaches in 4 places.  When you look at your MBP upright, and in use, the Speck will clip onto the front left and right sides next to the palmrest areas.  The Speck case also clips at the back right and left corners.  That's great and it's fine if you have a 13\\"", but on a 15\\"" when you flip over your MBP and look at the Speck case attached to the MBP there most likely will be \\""bowing\\"" along the whole backside where the hinge is.  Plenty of dust and debris can creep up between the Speck case and the bottom of the MBP. The fit is just not snug.    Incase on the other hand solves both of these problems.  Incase has vents that go across the ENTIRE bottom/backside.  Therefore the MBP can vent properly.  Second, the Incase bottom doesn't clip on the back corners, instead it's got one large clip that clips across the entire hinge on the back of the MBP.  This eliminates the \\""bowing\\"" and thus makes the bottom of the case fit better than Speck.    Another thing, the rubber feet on the Speck case are made of plastic.  When you'reusing your MBP on a smooth surface, it will slide around.  The Incase has rubber feet.  I haven't had any issues with my MBP sliding around (I put it on a Ikea laptop stand that I can bend at a 30 degree angle, and it still stays put).    One last thing.  The inside of the Speck case is rough and the one I ordered had a few sharp pieces of plastic that weren't shaved down.  I had to sand them down for fear of scratching the metal of my MBP.  Incase on the other hand has a smooth surface on the inside which is the same as the surface on the outside.      Yes Incase cost a bit more, but trust me (I've had both), it's well worth the extra investment."
RG6V1WQIYAOEF	Eddie	4	"I bought a Speck case for my 2010 MBP.  A couple of weeks later, I bought an Incase hardshell, and sold the Speck case.  The price was about $20 more for the Incase, but it was well worth it and I'll explain why.      There are a couple of issues with the Speck case.  First, the Macbook Pro uses the aluminum as a way to dissipate heat.  That is why the bottom of the case gets hot.  That's also why the MBP is so quiet, because it doesn't need 3-4 fans like a PC laptop.  People that complain about the bottom of the MBP getting hot seem to not understand this key concept.  On the bottom of the Speck case, you can see prefabbed slots that are there for ventilation.  However, only the slots on the left corner are \\""drilled\\"" all the way through.  This makes no sense.  Yes, the left back side of the MBP does get hotter, but why have prefabbed holes etched in the plastic, but only have 25% of them actually usable?      Second, the bottom part of the Speck case attaches in 4 places.  When you look at your MBP upright, and in use, the Speck will clip onto the front left and right sides next to the palmrest areas.  The Speck case also clips at the back right and left corners.  That's great and it's fine if you have a 13\\"", but on a 15\\"" when you flip over your MBP and look at the Speck case attached to the MBP there most likely will be \\""bowing\\"" along the whole backside where the hinge is.  Plenty of dust and debris can creep up between the Speck case and the bottom of the MBP. The fit is just not snug.    Incase on the other hand solves both of these problems.  Incase has vents that go across the ENTIRE bottom/backside.  Therefore the MBP can vent properly.  Second, the Incase bottom doesn't clip on the back corners, instead it's got one large clip that clips across the entire hinge on the back of the MBP.  This eliminates the \\""bowing\\"" and thus makes the bottom of the case fit better than Speck.    Another thing, the rubber feet on the Speck case are made of plastic.  When you'reusing your MBP on a smooth surface, it will slide around.  The Incase has rubber feet.  I haven't had any issues with my MBP sliding around (I put it on a Ikea laptop stand that I can bend at a 30 degree angle, and it still stays put).    One last thing.  The inside of the Speck case is rough and the one I ordered had a few sharp pieces of plastic that weren't shaved down.  I had to sand them down for fear of scratching the metal of my MBP.  Incase on the other hand has a smooth surface on the inside which is the same as the surface on the outside.      Yes Incase cost a bit more, but trust me (I've had both), it's well worth the extra investment."
RGB9NE4ITY8VZ	547	4	"I'm being nitpicky, but I feel I have the right to be with a $200 product.<br /><br />Overall the device works very well. Battery lasts for a very long time, screen is easy to read, plenty of brightness settings to find that perfect light wherever you are, plenty of room to store many books. I love no longer needing to use a book light, I was chewing through CR2032 batteries at a tremendous rate. Prime lender's library is a nice bonus, if it weren't for the 1-book-a-month limitation, but I digress....<br /><br />My biggest complaint is a lack of physical page-turn buttons. I frequently switch off my \\""holding\\"" hand, and with my previous e-reader, a Nook Simple Touch, there were physical buttons on both sides that allowed me to turn pages one-handed no matter which hand was holding the device. Not so with the Kindle Paperwhite. If I'm holding with my right, no problem, if I've switched to my left I have to bring my right hand up to page turn.<br /><br />While I've read hundred of paper books, obviously, and dealt with this in the past, you can say I'm being overly picky.<br /><br />The device is also incredibly difficult to hold comfortably, I have very large hands, but the finish doesn't have much friction and the bezel is very small, my thumb is quite a bit thicker. If it wasn't for the case my wife ordered with it, which has a hand-strap behind it, I would've returned this immediately because I just cannot hold it comfortably one handed without the case.<br /><br />Special Offers cannot be removed with a gift card. I'm glad my card on file was invalid and my payment didn't go through when I tried, but I was annoyed I couldn't remove them with a giftcard.<br /><br />The library is very annoying to navigate through. I have upwards of 300 books on my device, and it takes me a very, very long time to get through them. For whatever reason, I cannot get my library to sort by Author's Last Name, my library was imported from my Nook, using Calibre to move everything to .mobi, and I've embedded author sort in the files. Lack of physical buttons to navigate the library often causes the device to register a short swipe as a tap, and opens a book it thinks I tapped on, rather than swiping through the library.<br /><br />The device needs frequent restarting. It seems to have memory problems (physical device memory) and slows down, much like a computer with a memory leak that's left on too long. Frequently it will lag for 1-10 seconds on page turn. Restarting every few days has kept this at bay.<br /><br />Between my wife and I we've owned a Nook Simple Touch, Nook Simple Touch with Glow, a couple tablets, and now this. This is, by far, my favorite to read on. Once you actually find the book on the device and open it, at least.<br /><br />Side Note: Our Nook Glow screen cracked one day inside my backpack. Research lead me to find it's very common and the glow screen is horrendously delicate. I settled on the Kindle because I read the Kindle developers actually abuse-tested the screen to make sure it could take an average tap without breaking. While a cracked glow screen doesn't stop the device from being readable with the light off, it causes light bleeding, making that entire section a bright spot. Reading that about the Kindle more or less sold it to me on the spot."
RGB9NE4ITY8VZ	Eddie	4	"I'm being nitpicky, but I feel I have the right to be with a $200 product.<br /><br />Overall the device works very well. Battery lasts for a very long time, screen is easy to read, plenty of brightness settings to find that perfect light wherever you are, plenty of room to store many books. I love no longer needing to use a book light, I was chewing through CR2032 batteries at a tremendous rate. Prime lender's library is a nice bonus, if it weren't for the 1-book-a-month limitation, but I digress....<br /><br />My biggest complaint is a lack of physical page-turn buttons. I frequently switch off my \\""holding\\"" hand, and with my previous e-reader, a Nook Simple Touch, there were physical buttons on both sides that allowed me to turn pages one-handed no matter which hand was holding the device. Not so with the Kindle Paperwhite. If I'm holding with my right, no problem, if I've switched to my left I have to bring my right hand up to page turn.<br /><br />While I've read hundred of paper books, obviously, and dealt with this in the past, you can say I'm being overly picky.<br /><br />The device is also incredibly difficult to hold comfortably, I have very large hands, but the finish doesn't have much friction and the bezel is very small, my thumb is quite a bit thicker. If it wasn't for the case my wife ordered with it, which has a hand-strap behind it, I would've returned this immediately because I just cannot hold it comfortably one handed without the case.<br /><br />Special Offers cannot be removed with a gift card. I'm glad my card on file was invalid and my payment didn't go through when I tried, but I was annoyed I couldn't remove them with a giftcard.<br /><br />The library is very annoying to navigate through. I have upwards of 300 books on my device, and it takes me a very, very long time to get through them. For whatever reason, I cannot get my library to sort by Author's Last Name, my library was imported from my Nook, using Calibre to move everything to .mobi, and I've embedded author sort in the files. Lack of physical buttons to navigate the library often causes the device to register a short swipe as a tap, and opens a book it thinks I tapped on, rather than swiping through the library.<br /><br />The device needs frequent restarting. It seems to have memory problems (physical device memory) and slows down, much like a computer with a memory leak that's left on too long. Frequently it will lag for 1-10 seconds on page turn. Restarting every few days has kept this at bay.<br /><br />Between my wife and I we've owned a Nook Simple Touch, Nook Simple Touch with Glow, a couple tablets, and now this. This is, by far, my favorite to read on. Once you actually find the book on the device and open it, at least.<br /><br />Side Note: Our Nook Glow screen cracked one day inside my backpack. Research lead me to find it's very common and the glow screen is horrendously delicate. I settled on the Kindle because I read the Kindle developers actually abuse-tested the screen to make sure it could take an average tap without breaking. While a cracked glow screen doesn't stop the device from being readable with the light off, it causes light bleeding, making that entire section a bright spot. Reading that about the Kindle more or less sold it to me on the spot."
RGBKKN8KKWCM1	547	2	"It's still not a true HDX 8.9 case. The dimensions are suited to an ipad. The width is fine, but it's a little too high to be a snug fit for the Kindle.interior dimensions are closer to 9.5&#34; x 7.5&#34;. My HDX is covered by a Cosmos TPU &#34;X&#34; case, which adds maybe 1/16&#34; on each side, and maybe another 1/8&#34; in depth. I have no problem fitting it into the VIES sleeve while the TPU case is on the device.<br /><br />The upshot is that it'll do, I guess, but I would have preferred a case actually designed for the HDX rather than a repurposed iPad one."
RGBKKN8KKWCM1	Eddie	2	"It's still not a true HDX 8.9 case. The dimensions are suited to an ipad. The width is fine, but it's a little too high to be a snug fit for the Kindle.interior dimensions are closer to 9.5&#34; x 7.5&#34;. My HDX is covered by a Cosmos TPU &#34;X&#34; case, which adds maybe 1/16&#34; on each side, and maybe another 1/8&#34; in depth. I have no problem fitting it into the VIES sleeve while the TPU case is on the device.<br /><br />The upshot is that it'll do, I guess, but I would have preferred a case actually designed for the HDX rather than a repurposed iPad one."
RGTL6HBEOE1P7	547	2	"It was a decent non-USB microphone. The quality was good enough for personal use, but was unacceptable for work. The most complaint was that I  sounded hollow or in an empty room. I have used the microphone in many different places on 3 different systems (1 pc, 2 laptops) but still had the same result. Eventually, there was a consistent buzzing sound that I could not remove (maybe about a year). I had since switched to a USB mic which was around $25 (about half year). Everyone said that the quality has improved significantly and have not had any complaints so far."
RGTL6HBEOE1P7	Eddie	2	"It was a decent non-USB microphone. The quality was good enough for personal use, but was unacceptable for work. The most complaint was that I  sounded hollow or in an empty room. I have used the microphone in many different places on 3 different systems (1 pc, 2 laptops) but still had the same result. Eventually, there was a consistent buzzing sound that I could not remove (maybe about a year). I had since switched to a USB mic which was around $25 (about half year). Everyone said that the quality has improved significantly and have not had any complaints so far."
RH1IL8UP6WQBB	547	2	"I ordered the R6250, it arrived two days after shipping. Out of the box, everything worked correctly - I was able to set up the SSID and connect various devices to the network. After about 5 minutes all devices lost connectivity to the network and I noticed the power light on the front of the router turned from green to amber. The device booted back up, all devices reconnected, then about 2 minutes later the same problem occurred. There is definitely an intermittent power issue with the device I ordered, as it was refurbished and may have made it past QA due to it being an intermittent issue. I contacted Amazon support and immediately received a refund and return label. I don't think this is a reflection of EMBIZ as it could have been overlooked if the device wasn't tested for very long. I give this 3 stars because the product did arrive ahead of schedule, appeared to be in new condition, and the refund was given by Amazon with no problem."
RH1IL8UP6WQBB	Eddie	2	"I ordered the R6250, it arrived two days after shipping. Out of the box, everything worked correctly - I was able to set up the SSID and connect various devices to the network. After about 5 minutes all devices lost connectivity to the network and I noticed the power light on the front of the router turned from green to amber. The device booted back up, all devices reconnected, then about 2 minutes later the same problem occurred. There is definitely an intermittent power issue with the device I ordered, as it was refurbished and may have made it past QA due to it being an intermittent issue. I contacted Amazon support and immediately received a refund and return label. I don't think this is a reflection of EMBIZ as it could have been overlooked if the device wasn't tested for very long. I give this 3 stars because the product did arrive ahead of schedule, appeared to be in new condition, and the refund was given by Amazon with no problem."
RH4F6TPEYIADJ	547	1	"I bought this card for my canon G11 new camera, but the speed is the same when saving RAW images(10 Megas), and for the time when reviewing pictures at the camera the are really slow.    When importing pictures to a Windows PC yo wont see the speed much faster that any other brand. I suggest to buy other brand rather than this one.    I own a Kingston Class 2 and the speed is almost the same."
RH4F6TPEYIADJ	Eddie	1	"I bought this card for my canon G11 new camera, but the speed is the same when saving RAW images(10 Megas), and for the time when reviewing pictures at the camera the are really slow.    When importing pictures to a Windows PC yo wont see the speed much faster that any other brand. I suggest to buy other brand rather than this one.    I own a Kingston Class 2 and the speed is almost the same."
RHER8VVCTGIT1	547	2	Tried this in my old Sony 2 megapixel camera (supposed to be the max size) and it didn't recognize it.     Service was good though.
RHER8VVCTGIT1	Eddie	2	Tried this in my old Sony 2 megapixel camera (supposed to be the max size) and it didn't recognize it.     Service was good though.
RHIR9GA81QRP3	547	2	"I bought this to use with my MK808B mini android, and yes it does connect but the connections goes in and out, turns off on its own. It also constantly conflicts with the android built in onscreen-keyboard."
RHIR9GA81QRP3	Eddie	2	"I bought this to use with my MK808B mini android, and yes it does connect but the connections goes in and out, turns off on its own. It also constantly conflicts with the android built in onscreen-keyboard."
RI756TRH464ER	547	1	Just ordered my 3rd of these. The first one lasted several years. The second I bought under a year ago and for some months now the cloth that covers the gel pad has been coming off. Has now become very uncomfortable - hence order for replacement.
RI756TRH464ER	Eddie	2	Just ordered my 3rd of these. The first one lasted several years. The second I bought under a year ago and for some months now the cloth that covers the gel pad has been coming off. Has now become very uncomfortable - hence order for replacement.
RIIK09NCDY91P	547	1	"Padding on the inside is great, however the zippers on both pockets pretty much fell apart after a few months of light use."
RIIK09NCDY91P	Eddie	1	"Padding on the inside is great, however the zippers on both pockets pretty much fell apart after a few months of light use."
RILAH3FIFAEUI	547	1	"Overall quite good, except the EVA material of the tips. It is very easy to break, and I get a hole on it after using it for one week. I was expecting a silicone one."
RILAH3FIFAEUI	Eddie	1	"Overall quite good, except the EVA material of the tips. It is very easy to break, and I get a hole on it after using it for one week. I was expecting a silicone one."
RILJ9Q7US9SYZ	547	1	"Not a bad laptop for the value, but this is NOT a production laptop.  This will work for home users, but not for most business users.If you plan on doing more than email, surfing the web and checking your Facebook..  I would look for something with a little more power."
RILJ9Q7US9SYZ	Eddie	1	"Not a bad laptop for the value, but this is NOT a production laptop.  This will work for home users, but not for most business users.If you plan on doing more than email, surfing the web and checking your Facebook..  I would look for something with a little more power."
RJ9VRYDJJGAH7	547	3	"These are OK, I wish the lightning connector was a little tighter.  It doesnt charge from all angles - you have to have the phone placed the right way... I dont have this problem with the apple branded cables.  Not complaining, they were cheap!"
RJ9VRYDJJGAH7	Eddie	2	"These are OK, I wish the lightning connector was a little tighter.  It doesnt charge from all angles - you have to have the phone placed the right way... I dont have this problem with the apple branded cables.  Not complaining, they were cheap!"
RJEUDLHRCJQT2	547	2	"I bought this because the thought of replacing an old IDE hard drive with GB's of stuff on it or trying to save then redownload was not a real option. It works well, I did not have any issues with my drive being recognized. My speeds are the same as IDE without the adapter. Need to make sure you have space for this little gem sticking out the back of your HD. I have a mid-size case with a left to right HD configuration and the fit is \\""hair thin\\"" with the case side installed. Adds a real 2\\"" by the time you consider the cables need room to bend instead of fold. Overall, happy that this did the trick and I would buy it again."
RJEUDLHRCJQT2	Eddie	2	"I bought this because the thought of replacing an old IDE hard drive with GB's of stuff on it or trying to save then redownload was not a real option. It works well, I did not have any issues with my drive being recognized. My speeds are the same as IDE without the adapter. Need to make sure you have space for this little gem sticking out the back of your HD. I have a mid-size case with a left to right HD configuration and the fit is \\""hair thin\\"" with the case side installed. Adds a real 2\\"" by the time you consider the cables need room to bend instead of fold. Overall, happy that this did the trick and I would buy it again."
RJJ7BHVW8GXA6	547	1	This does not work with windows 8.1 and above.
RJJ7BHVW8GXA6	Eddie	1	This does not work with windows 8.1 and above.
RJJH9PI5UBMJ6	547	3	"I used to read on a Kindle Paperwhite, which I absolutely loved - at least until I started having to remove content to make room for more. Out of curiosity, I tried reading on my boyfriend's Kindle Fire and was instantly hooked. I love that the Kindle Fire HD has a larger screen (to avoid wearing reading glasses, I read with a large font) and I love that I can see the book covers in color. And while reading in the dark I can dim the screen to a comfortable level. What I do not like is that I cannot arrange my books into categories, but this is an inconvenience with which I can live. I find the carousel simply annoying and wish there was a way to turn it off.<br /><br />Anyone who has a Kindle Fire absolutely must sign up for Amazon Prime in order to take advantage of the free videos. (No, I don't work for Amazon.) I didn't think I would enjoy watching movies and television shows on such a small screen, but the picture is unbelievably sharp and crisp, the sound is good, and is even better with headphones (not earbuds) on, and you can watch in bed without disturbing your partner.<br /><br />I can't speak to all the many other features because, as yet, I've not had time to try them, but I will update my review as I do.<br /><br />UPDATE: 1/27/2014. I lowered by rating from five stars to three, and had considered giving only two. Lately, my Kindle Fire has constantly been freezing up as I'm reading and, sometimes, restarting it does not fix the problem, so that I have to dig out my old Paperwhite to continue reading. I have had no problems with the Paperwhite, only the Fire. Sometimes, when I turn on the Fire, I get a blank, black page - no carousel, no bookshelves, no nothing. For the price, I expect not to have these kinds of problems. I can only hope that there is an update coming soon to fix these glitches."
RJJH9PI5UBMJ6	Eddie	3	"I used to read on a Kindle Paperwhite, which I absolutely loved - at least until I started having to remove content to make room for more. Out of curiosity, I tried reading on my boyfriend's Kindle Fire and was instantly hooked. I love that the Kindle Fire HD has a larger screen (to avoid wearing reading glasses, I read with a large font) and I love that I can see the book covers in color. And while reading in the dark I can dim the screen to a comfortable level. What I do not like is that I cannot arrange my books into categories, but this is an inconvenience with which I can live. I find the carousel simply annoying and wish there was a way to turn it off.<br /><br />Anyone who has a Kindle Fire absolutely must sign up for Amazon Prime in order to take advantage of the free videos. (No, I don't work for Amazon.) I didn't think I would enjoy watching movies and television shows on such a small screen, but the picture is unbelievably sharp and crisp, the sound is good, and is even better with headphones (not earbuds) on, and you can watch in bed without disturbing your partner.<br /><br />I can't speak to all the many other features because, as yet, I've not had time to try them, but I will update my review as I do.<br /><br />UPDATE: 1/27/2014. I lowered by rating from five stars to three, and had considered giving only two. Lately, my Kindle Fire has constantly been freezing up as I'm reading and, sometimes, restarting it does not fix the problem, so that I have to dig out my old Paperwhite to continue reading. I have had no problems with the Paperwhite, only the Fire. Sometimes, when I turn on the Fire, I get a blank, black page - no carousel, no bookshelves, no nothing. For the price, I expect not to have these kinds of problems. I can only hope that there is an update coming soon to fix these glitches."
RJN3ITQSI6RUS	547	2	"The form factor is very nice - very compact. The configuration software is okay - a little clunky, but it seems to get the job done.<br /><br />The major downside I have found is that it does not work well for streaming media (Hulu, Netflix, HBO Go) to an iPad (in my case an iPad 3). The video frequently stutters and freezes.<br /><br />The transfer rate looks okay. When connecting to a wifi router with 30 mbps, it has a speed of 10 - 15 mbps. By the speed alone, streaming media should be fine - so must be something else.<br /><br />I do not see this problem when using a hotspot wifi router from another vendor.<br /><br />Maybe I'm being too picky for such a small device, but for me, this is a fatal flaw."
RJN3ITQSI6RUS	Eddie	2	"The form factor is very nice - very compact. The configuration software is okay - a little clunky, but it seems to get the job done.<br /><br />The major downside I have found is that it does not work well for streaming media (Hulu, Netflix, HBO Go) to an iPad (in my case an iPad 3). The video frequently stutters and freezes.<br /><br />The transfer rate looks okay. When connecting to a wifi router with 30 mbps, it has a speed of 10 - 15 mbps. By the speed alone, streaming media should be fine - so must be something else.<br /><br />I do not see this problem when using a hotspot wifi router from another vendor.<br /><br />Maybe I'm being too picky for such a small device, but for me, this is a fatal flaw."
RL1SB8KIRNZCI	547	4	"Is advertised to fit a Gateway NV52, which Acer manufactures. However it does not fit as good as it should. Too hard to install and remove, as if you were going to break upon inserting. Too hard to take out, once it's in leave it. Good price but also the life expectancy or usage duration is less than 2 hrs. This battery was advertised with the proper specs. as opposed to some other sellers but even after going through the charge and discharge cycle exactly as the Manuf. suggests it is only better than what I had but not so good to call it an OEM replacement. The flanges are also sticking out on my model but like I said...  you get what you paid for. It came on time and all that, not so important data that they RATE on but whatever. I will be more cautious buying online."
RL1SB8KIRNZCI	Eddie	3	"Is advertised to fit a Gateway NV52, which Acer manufactures. However it does not fit as good as it should. Too hard to install and remove, as if you were going to break upon inserting. Too hard to take out, once it's in leave it. Good price but also the life expectancy or usage duration is less than 2 hrs. This battery was advertised with the proper specs. as opposed to some other sellers but even after going through the charge and discharge cycle exactly as the Manuf. suggests it is only better than what I had but not so good to call it an OEM replacement. The flanges are also sticking out on my model but like I said...  you get what you paid for. It came on time and all that, not so important data that they RATE on but whatever. I will be more cautious buying online."
RL1VRCSI33A84	547	3	"I bought this adapter as a replacement for my daughter's L355-S7915 Toshiba laptop.  The original adapter had come apart at the edge of the stress relief for the laptop plug.  This one works perfectly fine to charge the laptop, but, despite being listed as a replacement for this laptop, it isn't what I would have chosen to use if I'd seen it in person before purchasing.  This is because, while the actual connector itself fits the laptop, and the adapter does charge the laptop as well as the old, the plastic shield around the connector is not the same diameter as the original.  It is actually smaller.  This is a problem because that plastic barrel fits into the outer edge of the laptop case's charging port, providing a snug fit that keeps the plug firmly in place.  With the smaller size of this replacement's connector, it actually wiggles around in the opening when plugged, and may be placing excess stress on the actual electrical connector inside the laptop.  Further, care has to be taken that it doesn't simply fall out of the laptop, as only the electrical connector is holding it in place, unlike with the factory original power supply plug.<br /><br />So, it works as intended to charge this laptop, and is relatively inexpensive. But it doesn't fit very securely into the laptop's charging port, so care must be taken when using it to ensure it stays connected and that the port doesn't become damaged."
RL1VRCSI33A84	Eddie	3	"I bought this adapter as a replacement for my daughter's L355-S7915 Toshiba laptop.  The original adapter had come apart at the edge of the stress relief for the laptop plug.  This one works perfectly fine to charge the laptop, but, despite being listed as a replacement for this laptop, it isn't what I would have chosen to use if I'd seen it in person before purchasing.  This is because, while the actual connector itself fits the laptop, and the adapter does charge the laptop as well as the old, the plastic shield around the connector is not the same diameter as the original.  It is actually smaller.  This is a problem because that plastic barrel fits into the outer edge of the laptop case's charging port, providing a snug fit that keeps the plug firmly in place.  With the smaller size of this replacement's connector, it actually wiggles around in the opening when plugged, and may be placing excess stress on the actual electrical connector inside the laptop.  Further, care has to be taken that it doesn't simply fall out of the laptop, as only the electrical connector is holding it in place, unlike with the factory original power supply plug.<br /><br />So, it works as intended to charge this laptop, and is relatively inexpensive. But it doesn't fit very securely into the laptop's charging port, so care must be taken when using it to ensure it stays connected and that the port doesn't become damaged."
RL7B46P3GV8S2	547	3	Quality build. Fits Kindle Fire 7 perfectly. Good padding. Taking off a few stars because the first one arrived very obviously used. It had significant wear marks on it. They were very obvious and visible. There is no way this could have been missed when the item was packed. Fulfilled by amazon so I'm not sure who to blame here. If you get one that is new you'll be satisfied with the price/quality.
RL7B46P3GV8S2	Eddie	1	Quality build. Fits Kindle Fire 7 perfectly. Good padding. Taking off a few stars because the first one arrived very obviously used. It had significant wear marks on it. They were very obvious and visible. There is no way this could have been missed when the item was packed. Fulfilled by amazon so I'm not sure who to blame here. If you get one that is new you'll be satisfied with the price/quality.
RLEZY66FY845V	547	2	"Some of the items in this purchase are fine.  The cover, several skins, the car charger, extra chargers and adapters are all fine.  However, there are unnecessary items packaged here.  The light, while seemingly useful, left scratches in the glass screen on my Kindle.  The bracelets and other little tidbits are not useful to adults, and can be eliminated.  Who needs a cord winder in fish decor??  Also, there was no inventory listing included with the package, and doesn't give uses for some of the items.  I had to go into Amazon's inventory of other items offered, to find out just what I had, and how to use them."
RLEZY66FY845V	Eddie	2	"Some of the items in this purchase are fine.  The cover, several skins, the car charger, extra chargers and adapters are all fine.  However, there are unnecessary items packaged here.  The light, while seemingly useful, left scratches in the glass screen on my Kindle.  The bracelets and other little tidbits are not useful to adults, and can be eliminated.  Who needs a cord winder in fish decor??  Also, there was no inventory listing included with the package, and doesn't give uses for some of the items.  I had to go into Amazon's inventory of other items offered, to find out just what I had, and how to use them."
RLI0R4GBCCBQJ	547	2	"It seems like I have ALWAYS given 5 stars in product reviews, but this product is the exception (sigh). The problems are that the template printed on the back of the laptop cover design didn't fit my new HP Pavilion at all. I did the best I could, but the template's corners are not at all the same curve as my laptop's corners. Although the template gives many incremental sizes, it didn't give a size that fit my laptop. I used the lines that were closest and the result is a bit cheesy looking.<br /><br />You also get two printed designs for the left and right of your finger pad inside. One fit to the left of the pad after I cut it down (and making a template from scratch was not easy). There is no handy-dandy template printed on these two pieces. However the area to the right of the pad was much, much longer than the other printed piece. Both pieces are the same dimension...yet many laptops have a larger area to the right of the pad!<br /><br />After blowing through several tracing paper templates for the two smaller printed pieces and applying them, the result was pretty tacky as there was a large gap to the right of the finger pad. Ugh! So off they came. Not enough printed material to cover the area.<br /><br />The good news is that the &#34;stick-um&#34; allows you to re-position the piece many times and you WILL NEED to do that many times. It is as tough to place this stuff right where you want it as contact paper is, but this is a bit sturdier and thicker than contact paper I think.<br /><br />For some reason, it is so thick that it doesn't behave like &#34;skin.&#34; The cut edges sort of stick out instead of clinging to the edges of your laptop cover. I don't know, it just doesn't drape well.<br /><br />The designs are lovely, and that was what got me hooked, but for the first time on Amazon.com, I can honestly say that I would NOT purchase this product again. The end result is not very pleasing."
RLI0R4GBCCBQJ	Eddie	4	"It seems like I have ALWAYS given 5 stars in product reviews, but this product is the exception (sigh). The problems are that the template printed on the back of the laptop cover design didn't fit my new HP Pavilion at all. I did the best I could, but the template's corners are not at all the same curve as my laptop's corners. Although the template gives many incremental sizes, it didn't give a size that fit my laptop. I used the lines that were closest and the result is a bit cheesy looking.<br /><br />You also get two printed designs for the left and right of your finger pad inside. One fit to the left of the pad after I cut it down (and making a template from scratch was not easy). There is no handy-dandy template printed on these two pieces. However the area to the right of the pad was much, much longer than the other printed piece. Both pieces are the same dimension...yet many laptops have a larger area to the right of the pad!<br /><br />After blowing through several tracing paper templates for the two smaller printed pieces and applying them, the result was pretty tacky as there was a large gap to the right of the finger pad. Ugh! So off they came. Not enough printed material to cover the area.<br /><br />The good news is that the &#34;stick-um&#34; allows you to re-position the piece many times and you WILL NEED to do that many times. It is as tough to place this stuff right where you want it as contact paper is, but this is a bit sturdier and thicker than contact paper I think.<br /><br />For some reason, it is so thick that it doesn't behave like &#34;skin.&#34; The cut edges sort of stick out instead of clinging to the edges of your laptop cover. I don't know, it just doesn't drape well.<br /><br />The designs are lovely, and that was what got me hooked, but for the first time on Amazon.com, I can honestly say that I would NOT purchase this product again. The end result is not very pleasing."
RLIQYZ3ZDPK1S	547	3	"I purchased this case for my new iPad mini 3 gold. Although it is beautiful and fits perfectly, it is also very heavy and truly adds too much bulk- taking away from the purpose and appeal of an iPad mini. If the primary purpose of your iPad mini is to be at home and for convenience, then this case works great. It's pretty, durable and functional. However, if you need it to protect your iPad but also be sleek and light (which is what I was looking for as I use this on rounds in the hospital and place it in my white coat pocket), then this case is not for you."
RLIQYZ3ZDPK1S	Eddie	3	"I purchased this case for my new iPad mini 3 gold. Although it is beautiful and fits perfectly, it is also very heavy and truly adds too much bulk- taking away from the purpose and appeal of an iPad mini. If the primary purpose of your iPad mini is to be at home and for convenience, then this case works great. It's pretty, durable and functional. However, if you need it to protect your iPad but also be sleek and light (which is what I was looking for as I use this on rounds in the hospital and place it in my white coat pocket), then this case is not for you."
RLKWPV1W3GRNV	547	1	It works but is not very stable unless it's on a table.  I do like that it works equally well vertically or horizonally
RLKWPV1W3GRNV	Eddie	1	It works but is not very stable unless it's on a table.  I do like that it works equally well vertically or horizonally
RLL1BODR0WI7X	547	3	"I have to give the designers credit for trying because there is nothing good to choose from right now in an attractive and functional case for my Xoom.<br /><br />This case is built well but it comes with a price tag and extra weight.  It is very uncomfortable to hold but the adjustable stand is really well designed. All the Velcro makes it look like a cheap salesman portfolio.  Most importantly though, having a case that adds noticeable weight just wont due.<br /><br />I will patiently wait for something better so here is your invitation, keep inventing. Make it light, functional and give it style please!"
RLL1BODR0WI7X	Eddie	4	"I have to give the designers credit for trying because there is nothing good to choose from right now in an attractive and functional case for my Xoom.<br /><br />This case is built well but it comes with a price tag and extra weight.  It is very uncomfortable to hold but the adjustable stand is really well designed. All the Velcro makes it look like a cheap salesman portfolio.  Most importantly though, having a case that adds noticeable weight just wont due.<br /><br />I will patiently wait for something better so here is your invitation, keep inventing. Make it light, functional and give it style please!"
RLWSMK6W603JT	547	1	"I've been a little disappointed with this laptop. The battery life is about 3 or 4 hours when the lid is closed but the computer is still on. The performance is mediocre even for streaming and browsing. That might have a little to do with Windows 8, I'm not sure. None of it has been bad enough to actually send it back though."
RLWSMK6W603JT	Eddie	2	"I've been a little disappointed with this laptop. The battery life is about 3 or 4 hours when the lid is closed but the computer is still on. The performance is mediocre even for streaming and browsing. That might have a little to do with Windows 8, I'm not sure. None of it has been bad enough to actually send it back though."
RLWTBBLTXDZED	547	1	"I bought two of these to replace the cords that came with the ASUS netbooks my children use.  They worked great - for about 4 months.  Then they shorted out, both of them.  I think that for the cost they did a good job but they aren't shaped exactly like the ones that came with the netbook and the way the plug fits into the jack on the computer it just sits awkwardly and they don't last."
RLWTBBLTXDZED	Eddie	2	"I bought two of these to replace the cords that came with the ASUS netbooks my children use.  They worked great - for about 4 months.  Then they shorted out, both of them.  I think that for the cost they did a good job but they aren't shaped exactly like the ones that came with the netbook and the way the plug fits into the jack on the computer it just sits awkwardly and they don't last."
RLWTQIVC7KKZR	547	2	"I did tons of research on this unit before I decided to purchase it. From what I learned, I would be taking a gamble on the quality of how the product was made. I wanted something in the $50 price range with good sound, especially in the bass department. When i received the unit it looked good cosmeticly. I hooked everything up and powered the sub. Worked for about one minute before the left speaker went out. I tested all the connections, equalizer on the Pc and connected an Ipod to be sure I had successfully diagnosed the issue. I decided to remove the back panel to examine for any damage in the hardware. Since it was only $50 I did not care about taking the risk with voiding any warranty. I discovered a loose wire connector on the audio input connectors. Tightened the connetion and reassembled. It has worked great for going on three days now. Movies, videogames and music all sound really good on the unit. The base is surprisingly attractive and it has great range of sound as others reviewed. Im happy with my purchase!"
RLWTQIVC7KKZR	Eddie	2	"I did tons of research on this unit before I decided to purchase it. From what I learned, I would be taking a gamble on the quality of how the product was made. I wanted something in the $50 price range with good sound, especially in the bass department. When i received the unit it looked good cosmeticly. I hooked everything up and powered the sub. Worked for about one minute before the left speaker went out. I tested all the connections, equalizer on the Pc and connected an Ipod to be sure I had successfully diagnosed the issue. I decided to remove the back panel to examine for any damage in the hardware. Since it was only $50 I did not care about taking the risk with voiding any warranty. I discovered a loose wire connector on the audio input connectors. Tightened the connetion and reassembled. It has worked great for going on three days now. Movies, videogames and music all sound really good on the unit. The base is surprisingly attractive and it has great range of sound as others reviewed. Im happy with my purchase!"
RM80MEFK79Z14	547	1	"USB drive works well for data transfer.  I knew the plastic ring would be trouble, and sure enough it broke after less than one week on my keychain.  they should make this loop metal, or include a cable of some sort in the packaging to relieve the destructive pressure on that loop."
RM80MEFK79Z14	Eddie	2	"USB drive works well for data transfer.  I knew the plastic ring would be trouble, and sure enough it broke after less than one week on my keychain.  they should make this loop metal, or include a cable of some sort in the packaging to relieve the destructive pressure on that loop."
RMUW9JZQ5KBXW	547	1	"Really light to carry and already loaded with the security updates to start with.   The price was not good because for the price almost 800 dollars you would think it would the most updated intel core processor. It was was only an i3---  For simple use like internet access and simple applications,you need to buy Office 2010, AND YOU ARE ALL SET TO GO."
RMUW9JZQ5KBXW	Eddie	2	"Really light to carry and already loaded with the security updates to start with.   The price was not good because for the price almost 800 dollars you would think it would the most updated intel core processor. It was was only an i3---  For simple use like internet access and simple applications,you need to buy Office 2010, AND YOU ARE ALL SET TO GO."
RN8N0UR7GTB2D	547	2	"Overall, the bag is ok: no bad stitching or broken parts. The design is not so great. The only part that truly closes is the little zipper pocket on the outside. You have to be careful not to put anything small, loose and valuable inside the main bag, because it's just dividers in there. Also be careful the flap is secured to the straps. Stuff can easily fall out if the bag goes upside down. My other gripe is that it's really closer to 16&#34; wide. I wanted it just to hold my new iPad Air 2 but it's plenty big enough for a laptop... I feel like I'm totting  luggage. I was looking for a purse substitute that would hold a tablet, phone and my personal stuff ( wallet, lipstick, etc) but this isn't it. Too big and no zippers inside. Way bigger than 13&#34; wide."
RN8N0UR7GTB2D	Eddie	3	"Overall, the bag is ok: no bad stitching or broken parts. The design is not so great. The only part that truly closes is the little zipper pocket on the outside. You have to be careful not to put anything small, loose and valuable inside the main bag, because it's just dividers in there. Also be careful the flap is secured to the straps. Stuff can easily fall out if the bag goes upside down. My other gripe is that it's really closer to 16&#34; wide. I wanted it just to hold my new iPad Air 2 but it's plenty big enough for a laptop... I feel like I'm totting  luggage. I was looking for a purse substitute that would hold a tablet, phone and my personal stuff ( wallet, lipstick, etc) but this isn't it. Too big and no zippers inside. Way bigger than 13&#34; wide."
RNQCJAPQ81KHD	547	1	The case fits fine. It came with micro not mini usb as I thought. I ordered an adapter from micro to mini and the keyboard does not work.
RNQCJAPQ81KHD	Eddie	1	The case fits fine. It came with micro not mini usb as I thought. I ordered an adapter from micro to mini and the keyboard does not work.
RO6ISBIL5MA27	547	1	"Works okay. The one on my computer had burnt out, and this usb version will do well until I get a new computer."
RO6ISBIL5MA27	Eddie	1	"Works okay. The one on my computer had burnt out, and this usb version will do well until I get a new computer."
ROGH03V94FD51	547	3	"Bought this unit back in Feb 2013 and had been using it with both a 2.5 and a 3.5 SATA drive inserted. I really only used the 2.5 SATA drive for data and left the 3.5 drive alone as a maintenance drive, only intending to use it for data swapping and such. one year later I started to use the 3.5 drive slot and started to lose data on transferring to that drive. Being stupid, I blamed the WD Drive first. Duh, it was the 3.5 inch drive slot not the Hard Drive. The small cable connection that hooks between the 2.5 slot and the 3.5 slot is ugly, cheap and the pins are bendy and just terrible. It's just the power connection, but not good looking. The drive passes all the SMART tests, but will not format in that slot. The vendor really needs to upgrade the material. As others have mentioned, replace the PLASTIC handles and key locks with metal and upgrade the connectors and cables. You have a good design, just bad material. Would buy again at a higher price if these upgrades were added. I am going to remove the whole thing and go back into the case."
ROGH03V94FD51	Eddie	3	"Bought this unit back in Feb 2013 and had been using it with both a 2.5 and a 3.5 SATA drive inserted. I really only used the 2.5 SATA drive for data and left the 3.5 drive alone as a maintenance drive, only intending to use it for data swapping and such. one year later I started to use the 3.5 drive slot and started to lose data on transferring to that drive. Being stupid, I blamed the WD Drive first. Duh, it was the 3.5 inch drive slot not the Hard Drive. The small cable connection that hooks between the 2.5 slot and the 3.5 slot is ugly, cheap and the pins are bendy and just terrible. It's just the power connection, but not good looking. The drive passes all the SMART tests, but will not format in that slot. The vendor really needs to upgrade the material. As others have mentioned, replace the PLASTIC handles and key locks with metal and upgrade the connectors and cables. You have a good design, just bad material. Would buy again at a higher price if these upgrades were added. I am going to remove the whole thing and go back into the case."
ROLVILYOV8XUM	547	2	"First I purchased this after returning a V6 due to weak brackets and screws breaking.   About this heat sink: Looks great, sturdy as hell, perfect for 1155 builds but a few issues. Mine came with a small  black (copper pipes are coated in black paint)dent/pit on the base plate that meets the cpu.  The plate is no where near clean, you will need to use a safe cleaning solution before touching   this any where near your cpu as it has machine oil still on it. Right now I'm still debating returning it  as I suspect some performance issues due to the recessed pit/crack."
ROLVILYOV8XUM	Eddie	3	"First I purchased this after returning a V6 due to weak brackets and screws breaking.   About this heat sink: Looks great, sturdy as hell, perfect for 1155 builds but a few issues. Mine came with a small  black (copper pipes are coated in black paint)dent/pit on the base plate that meets the cpu.  The plate is no where near clean, you will need to use a safe cleaning solution before touching   this any where near your cpu as it has machine oil still on it. Right now I'm still debating returning it  as I suspect some performance issues due to the recessed pit/crack."
ROOZW86SR3TYS	547	3	"So far after 1 day it's been great. Using it as my primary internet source in a rural area with no cable or dsl available with a LG VL600 from Verizon. I had been using a laptop with internet connection sharing, plugged into my router. But then the laptop had to on 24/7 plugged into the router.   So far on the cradlepoint Ive gotten slightly faster d/l speeds than on the laptop using with verizon access manager, as high as 212k/second connecting at 3G, I never got over about 180k before. Our home is just outside 4G coverage. I can't comment on the built-in wireless, I have it disabled since I already have a wireless N network with GB wired, so I am basically using this for a USB modem to ethernet adapter.   Set up and configuration only took about 2 minutes, but remember it's easier to write down you default password off the bottom before you hook it up and plug it in.  Update: Now Ive had it for a week it's not as great. I have to keep rebooting it once a day or more, the internet will totally stop but according to the router, it's working fine. Only way to get it working is unplug it or reboot it from the management page. When I had the same modem on a laptop, it worked fine, never lost connection or had to reboot."
ROOZW86SR3TYS	Eddie	3	"So far after 1 day it's been great. Using it as my primary internet source in a rural area with no cable or dsl available with a LG VL600 from Verizon. I had been using a laptop with internet connection sharing, plugged into my router. But then the laptop had to on 24/7 plugged into the router.   So far on the cradlepoint Ive gotten slightly faster d/l speeds than on the laptop using with verizon access manager, as high as 212k/second connecting at 3G, I never got over about 180k before. Our home is just outside 4G coverage. I can't comment on the built-in wireless, I have it disabled since I already have a wireless N network with GB wired, so I am basically using this for a USB modem to ethernet adapter.   Set up and configuration only took about 2 minutes, but remember it's easier to write down you default password off the bottom before you hook it up and plug it in.  Update: Now Ive had it for a week it's not as great. I have to keep rebooting it once a day or more, the internet will totally stop but according to the router, it's working fine. Only way to get it working is unplug it or reboot it from the management page. When I had the same modem on a laptop, it worked fine, never lost connection or had to reboot."
ROTKXTNPF0TEG	547	1	"My son loves it but we have to get more memory, he was only able to download 3 games."
ROTKXTNPF0TEG	Eddie	2	"My son loves it but we have to get more memory, he was only able to download 3 games."
RPILL5CUDHTRX	547	2	"I'm really confused by all these 5 star reviews. I had high hopes for these and love the way they look. I've heard the A5s and loved those, but they were too big for my desktop, so I thought these would be a smaller but have somewhat of a similar sound. I gave them a solid 2 weeks of listening for several hours a day, and the more I listened to them, the more I disliked them. With a very clear recording, like a piano or acoustic guitar turned up really loud, these sound great. But that can only be said for a very specific kind of track, for all others the sound is very average. I would compare the sound to an average 2.1 system with the subwoofer off. The sound is very flat and directional, you have to be right in the sweet spot to hear them at their prime. Most recordings sound like a tin can, and there's almost no bass at all. They aren't room filling at all, and they distort very quickly if you try to crank them. I wasn't looking to rattle any windows, but like to turn them up from time to time. Although I use these as desktop speakers, I do like to listen to them while doing other things as well, which these are really bad for. The sound at loud volumes can be harsh, it sounds like they are working really hard to hit those volumes, reminded me of a cheap boom box. I set these up next to several other speakers at this price point, and found these were some of the worst sounding of the bunch."
RPILL5CUDHTRX	Eddie	3	"I'm really confused by all these 5 star reviews. I had high hopes for these and love the way they look. I've heard the A5s and loved those, but they were too big for my desktop, so I thought these would be a smaller but have somewhat of a similar sound. I gave them a solid 2 weeks of listening for several hours a day, and the more I listened to them, the more I disliked them. With a very clear recording, like a piano or acoustic guitar turned up really loud, these sound great. But that can only be said for a very specific kind of track, for all others the sound is very average. I would compare the sound to an average 2.1 system with the subwoofer off. The sound is very flat and directional, you have to be right in the sweet spot to hear them at their prime. Most recordings sound like a tin can, and there's almost no bass at all. They aren't room filling at all, and they distort very quickly if you try to crank them. I wasn't looking to rattle any windows, but like to turn them up from time to time. Although I use these as desktop speakers, I do like to listen to them while doing other things as well, which these are really bad for. The sound at loud volumes can be harsh, it sounds like they are working really hard to hit those volumes, reminded me of a cheap boom box. I set these up next to several other speakers at this price point, and found these were some of the worst sounding of the bunch."
RPYWEVZUYNDRP	547	2	This USB is super cute and holds a lot of memory. 2 problems. 1: it does not have a string or anything to attach it to. 2: it broke very easily. I dropped it once and the swivel part broke. It still holds memory and all that but it can no longer swivel. :-(
RPYWEVZUYNDRP	Eddie	2	This USB is super cute and holds a lot of memory. 2 problems. 1: it does not have a string or anything to attach it to. 2: it broke very easily. I dropped it once and the swivel part broke. It still holds memory and all that but it can no longer swivel. :-(
RQ5PQGY4HVTKS	547	2	"I purchased this keyboard because I was looking for a moderately priced gaming keyboard. So far, It works just as well as any normal keyboard. There is nothing that stands out about this product that makes it for &#34;gaming&#34; though.<br /><br />I like that this keyboard is USB. I like dthat it is plug and play pretty much. Nothing special to getting it working. The different color keys are neat, but not really necessary fro an advanced user who has the keyboard memorized anyways.<br /><br />I did not like that the keys give the same push as a cheap keyboard from Walmart. I don't like the unusual shape of the keyboard. I dislike that the media keys are nearly impossible to distinguish from date of arrival.<br /><br />All in all, this is a decent STANDARD keyboard. It should not be advertised as gaming for any reason.<br /><br />Hope this review helps someone."
RQ5PQGY4HVTKS	Eddie	3	"I purchased this keyboard because I was looking for a moderately priced gaming keyboard. So far, It works just as well as any normal keyboard. There is nothing that stands out about this product that makes it for &#34;gaming&#34; though.<br /><br />I like that this keyboard is USB. I like dthat it is plug and play pretty much. Nothing special to getting it working. The different color keys are neat, but not really necessary fro an advanced user who has the keyboard memorized anyways.<br /><br />I did not like that the keys give the same push as a cheap keyboard from Walmart. I don't like the unusual shape of the keyboard. I dislike that the media keys are nearly impossible to distinguish from date of arrival.<br /><br />All in all, this is a decent STANDARD keyboard. It should not be advertised as gaming for any reason.<br /><br />Hope this review helps someone."
RQ5RG25K9MBQG	547	1	"I was really expecting a lot more. Very comfortable but my biggest complaint involves the tracking. I have a light brown desk and it didn't work well with it. Also, the scroll wheel clicks instead of scrolling smoothly so the page jumps too much."
RQ5RG25K9MBQG	Eddie	1	"I was really expecting a lot more. Very comfortable but my biggest complaint involves the tracking. I have a light brown desk and it didn't work well with it. Also, the scroll wheel clicks instead of scrolling smoothly so the page jumps too much."
RQ69DD4ON6I9M	547	3	"The sound quality is decent for these little speakers.  But don't expect anything over-powering.  Not sure if I like the automatic power-off feature yet.  It's nice because I like to completely power my electronics off at night.  However, I can go 20-30 minutes without having sound hit the speakers when i am online and so then reactivate them every time this occurs.<br />The wireless Bluetooth was very disappointing.  I have to imagine there are better options in a similar price range that would have included the transponder in case the computer failed to connect with blue tooth (which occurred with 2 of out 3 internet devices).  Not a good percentage.  Grant it, it was clear a transponder was not included and I did not do a lot of trouble shooting but I am fairly technical and could not remedy the issue in the 30-40 minutes I spent with each device trying to figure out why the Blue Tooth would not find the speakers.  The only successful device was the IPhone.  The link button would be blinking but these two devices would not connect. So now, I still have a less than 6 month old laptop computer without sound beyond the laptop speakers and 'gamer laptop' that has to manually plug the 'wireless' speakers in, which defeats the whole 'wireless' sales point.  Before I wrote this review I had 4 stars chosen above, but after proof-reading this its certainly not worth 4 stars, I gave it 3..."
RQ69DD4ON6I9M	Eddie	3	"The sound quality is decent for these little speakers.  But don't expect anything over-powering.  Not sure if I like the automatic power-off feature yet.  It's nice because I like to completely power my electronics off at night.  However, I can go 20-30 minutes without having sound hit the speakers when i am online and so then reactivate them every time this occurs.<br />The wireless Bluetooth was very disappointing.  I have to imagine there are better options in a similar price range that would have included the transponder in case the computer failed to connect with blue tooth (which occurred with 2 of out 3 internet devices).  Not a good percentage.  Grant it, it was clear a transponder was not included and I did not do a lot of trouble shooting but I am fairly technical and could not remedy the issue in the 30-40 minutes I spent with each device trying to figure out why the Blue Tooth would not find the speakers.  The only successful device was the IPhone.  The link button would be blinking but these two devices would not connect. So now, I still have a less than 6 month old laptop computer without sound beyond the laptop speakers and 'gamer laptop' that has to manually plug the 'wireless' speakers in, which defeats the whole 'wireless' sales point.  Before I wrote this review I had 4 stars chosen above, but after proof-reading this its certainly not worth 4 stars, I gave it 3..."
RQ8CAHJWLEBJZ	547	1	"It was not a Microsoft hard drive. Microsoft drives have backwards compatibility built in for older xbox games. If you are using only xbox 360 games, this is all you need at a fraction of the price of the genuine drive."
RQ8CAHJWLEBJZ	Eddie	1	"It was not a Microsoft hard drive. Microsoft drives have backwards compatibility built in for older xbox games. If you are using only xbox 360 games, this is all you need at a fraction of the price of the genuine drive."
RQOZKPO6MU24K	547	2	"All in all a solid, well-made item. I purchased mainly for reading in bed (fully reclined, as I have a bad back), but it is too low and my neck then feels strained. I end up holding the ipad on top of the log, which is the right height for me."
RQOZKPO6MU24K	Eddie	2	"All in all a solid, well-made item. I purchased mainly for reading in bed (fully reclined, as I have a bad back), but it is too low and my neck then feels strained. I end up holding the ipad on top of the log, which is the right height for me."
RQSNZZZH99SSN	547	2	"After reading a load of reviews and doing a ton of comparisons I finally decided on this laptop. Against my better judgment I went with AMD/AMD instead of Intel/Nvidia. Everything I read said this laptop would handle games really well. In fact, they mostly said that's about all this laptop could do. But that was fine, it's all I wanted it for.<br /><br />But it doesn't do gaming terribly well. Not even as well as the less-powerful desktop I had. (Yes, I checked the specs/tests for the mobile gfx card compared to the desktop card I had)<br /><br />So I dropped about $1200 after selling my desktop to have a slightly worse gaming experience.<br /><br />Just a few examples: The laptop doesn't do very well with Counter-Strike: GO. All sorts of graphical lag even when playing locally against a couple bots.<br />Seems to do okay with Tomb Raider, though I haven't been to many graphically intense spots in that game yet.<br />Manages an anemic 5 FPS on Warcraft in 25 man raids with all the settings on low, not even full screen. Pretty much unplayable.<br /><br />I was extremely disappointed with this laptop and strongly considered returning it. I didn't, but I can't help thinking if I'd spent the money on the intel/nvidia option I'd have been a bit happier."
RQSNZZZH99SSN	Eddie	2	"After reading a load of reviews and doing a ton of comparisons I finally decided on this laptop. Against my better judgment I went with AMD/AMD instead of Intel/Nvidia. Everything I read said this laptop would handle games really well. In fact, they mostly said that's about all this laptop could do. But that was fine, it's all I wanted it for.<br /><br />But it doesn't do gaming terribly well. Not even as well as the less-powerful desktop I had. (Yes, I checked the specs/tests for the mobile gfx card compared to the desktop card I had)<br /><br />So I dropped about $1200 after selling my desktop to have a slightly worse gaming experience.<br /><br />Just a few examples: The laptop doesn't do very well with Counter-Strike: GO. All sorts of graphical lag even when playing locally against a couple bots.<br />Seems to do okay with Tomb Raider, though I haven't been to many graphically intense spots in that game yet.<br />Manages an anemic 5 FPS on Warcraft in 25 man raids with all the settings on low, not even full screen. Pretty much unplayable.<br /><br />I was extremely disappointed with this laptop and strongly considered returning it. I didn't, but I can't help thinking if I'd spent the money on the intel/nvidia option I'd have been a bit happier."
RR0Z311HHOBMY	547	1	Neat product. Doesn't hold its connection real well with my LG bluetooth headphones though.    Edit:  The folks at Plugable contacted me immediately to see if they could help resolve my issue from above.  Sam sent out a replacement product and it works flawlessly.  Stellar customer service that is above and beyond what you could hope for from such a small company.  Buy with confidence from Sam and his crew.  They're the real deal.
RR0Z311HHOBMY	Eddie	2	Neat product. Doesn't hold its connection real well with my LG bluetooth headphones though.    Edit:  The folks at Plugable contacted me immediately to see if they could help resolve my issue from above.  Sam sent out a replacement product and it works flawlessly.  Stellar customer service that is above and beyond what you could hope for from such a small company.  Buy with confidence from Sam and his crew.  They're the real deal.
RR11RNWCRJ332	547	1	"This mount is plenty heavy duty for the two 22 inch monitors I have attached.  It's fairly easy to make quick, minor adjustments, but the entire system (not the post on which the arms attach) hangs to the one side with no way to properly adjust or compensate.  It's functional as is, but every time I sit/stand at my adjustable height desk, my OCD begs for me to figure out a way to straighten the monitor arms."
RR11RNWCRJ332	Eddie	1	"This mount is plenty heavy duty for the two 22 inch monitors I have attached.  It's fairly easy to make quick, minor adjustments, but the entire system (not the post on which the arms attach) hangs to the one side with no way to properly adjust or compensate.  It's functional as is, but every time I sit/stand at my adjustable height desk, my OCD begs for me to figure out a way to straighten the monitor arms."
RR1L1SZPP075I	547	1	The battery works ok but I was expecting a longer life. After plugging it in and resetting the battery gauge my max charge life is only about 2:30 hours compared to well over 4 with the original Lenovo battery.
RR1L1SZPP075I	Eddie	1	The battery works ok but I was expecting a longer life. After plugging it in and resetting the battery gauge my max charge life is only about 2:30 hours compared to well over 4 with the original Lenovo battery.
RRPTQIZHV6Y7G	547	3	"I purchased two ASUS ET2020AUKK all-in-one computers with the AMD A4-5000 processor (detailed specs above as I purchased directly from Amazon); my intent is to use them as visual displays to run very basic software for advertising.<br /><br />I'm pleased with my purchase because they're a very cost-effective option for point-of-sale demonstrations; but that's about it.  I've spend three days messing around with both computers basically updating Windows (ugh), removing the ASUS bloatware and turning off all the stuff I won't need.  These things are SLOW.  Really slow...  for reference, I use a third-gen Intel i7 Toshiba and a fourth-gen i5 Lenovo laptop each with 4GB ram on the same wireless home network; this really shows the ASUS' age - or the inadequacies of the AMD A4 processor - depending on your perspective.<br /><br />These all-in-one computers are really designed for web surfing and light processing tasks, like looking at por- uh, pictures, writing papers, etc.  You will NOT even want to think about processing home videos or even watching high-def on this unit; it just doesn't seem to have enough processing power for higher demand home or business users.<br /><br />The good news:  the display is clear and bright, it does do a good job for what it's purpose is, and it's very cost effective for that at around $400 or so.  You just need to be honest with whether or not the bare essentials are what you want - because that's all this is."
RRPTQIZHV6Y7G	Eddie	3	"I purchased two ASUS ET2020AUKK all-in-one computers with the AMD A4-5000 processor (detailed specs above as I purchased directly from Amazon); my intent is to use them as visual displays to run very basic software for advertising.<br /><br />I'm pleased with my purchase because they're a very cost-effective option for point-of-sale demonstrations; but that's about it.  I've spend three days messing around with both computers basically updating Windows (ugh), removing the ASUS bloatware and turning off all the stuff I won't need.  These things are SLOW.  Really slow...  for reference, I use a third-gen Intel i7 Toshiba and a fourth-gen i5 Lenovo laptop each with 4GB ram on the same wireless home network; this really shows the ASUS' age - or the inadequacies of the AMD A4 processor - depending on your perspective.<br /><br />These all-in-one computers are really designed for web surfing and light processing tasks, like looking at por- uh, pictures, writing papers, etc.  You will NOT even want to think about processing home videos or even watching high-def on this unit; it just doesn't seem to have enough processing power for higher demand home or business users.<br /><br />The good news:  the display is clear and bright, it does do a good job for what it's purpose is, and it's very cost effective for that at around $400 or so.  You just need to be honest with whether or not the bare essentials are what you want - because that's all this is."
RRX1LVO49RDRJ	547	2	Nice cover.  The problem I have with it is the hands-free feature.  My Nook HD won't stay in the grooves...it only takes a little jostle to cause my nook to fall.
RRX1LVO49RDRJ	Eddie	2	Nice cover.  The problem I have with it is the hands-free feature.  My Nook HD won't stay in the grooves...it only takes a little jostle to cause my nook to fall.
RT2M0Z2NN2EQC	547	1	"I ordered the 32mb cache, 3.5inch 3gb/s SATA drive as pictured and described in the information.<br />When I received it, the box was correct, same model #, showed it was 3.5&#34;, etc.<br />However, inside the box was a 2.5&#34;,  64mb Cache HDD.<br />It was brand-new, etc, however, its not what I ordered.<br />Most people would be quite happy with this BETTER harddrive, however, I HAD TO HAVE the 32mb cache and no higher, because the device its going in cannot handle 64mb cache and does not work.<br />So, although the HDD might be a pleasant surprise for someone on the positive, for me, it was negative and I had to return it.<br />So when you open the sealed box they send you, make sure the HDD is the model that is shown on the box (and on the sale-description) as in my case, the HDD inside was a completely different model # and different specs."
RT2M0Z2NN2EQC	Eddie	1	"I ordered the 32mb cache, 3.5inch 3gb/s SATA drive as pictured and described in the information.<br />When I received it, the box was correct, same model #, showed it was 3.5&#34;, etc.<br />However, inside the box was a 2.5&#34;,  64mb Cache HDD.<br />It was brand-new, etc, however, its not what I ordered.<br />Most people would be quite happy with this BETTER harddrive, however, I HAD TO HAVE the 32mb cache and no higher, because the device its going in cannot handle 64mb cache and does not work.<br />So, although the HDD might be a pleasant surprise for someone on the positive, for me, it was negative and I had to return it.<br />So when you open the sealed box they send you, make sure the HDD is the model that is shown on the box (and on the sale-description) as in my case, the HDD inside was a completely different model # and different specs."
RT5BS3Q8LYWDH	547	5	"Unlike the other reviewer, my case was assembled straight and perfect.  The mini fits in this case perfectly and it looks awesome, but IMO there are two flaws.  The first is no biggy, but still a concern.  The magnet for the screen auto on and off is not powerful enough.  Don't get me wrong, it does turn it off and on, but I can hear it clicking on and off just carrying it around.  It also like to flop open on it's own.  A more powerful magnet would make a huge difference.  I also have another case(not from Spigen) with the auto on/off feature that works perfect!  The cover stays tight to the screen unless you want it to open.<br /><br />Now, for the real flaw in this case, the rubber doohicky that lets you prop this case open to create a stand.  I'm talking about the oval shaped rubber piece on the inside of the front cover.  Don't get me wrong, it works as intended, but I am concerned about the long term effects on the screen and/or screen protector.  Almost immediately I noticed it leaving marks on my screen because the cover rests on the screen mostly on this rubber piece when the case is closed.  I have a Spigen screen protector that will save my iPad, but that $18 screen protector is going to get damaged by this rubber snubber in short order.  I would REALLY be afraid to use this case with a bare glass screen.  I have actually thought about cutting the little rubber off because the look and design of this case is awesome, but for now I'm not using it because of my concern for my screen.  This little rubber piece puts all of the pressure and wear from the front cover onto one small area, and that's no good.  Spigen, please change the design of this case.  All it needs is a little thicker cover with indentation slots on the inside front cover for the pad to rest in when it is propped up and a stronger magnet.  Those two corrections and you make the PERFECT case.<br /><br />I have a number of Spigen products and most are awesome, but this one needs work.  As I said, it fits and looks great, but its function is sub par.  This is a five star product for looks and quality with a two star deduction for functionality flaws. I really wanted it to be the perfect case, but it just isn't. Fix it and trade me for the revised product and I'll be happy to change this review!"
RT5BS3Q8LYWDH	Eddie	5	"Unlike the other reviewer, my case was assembled straight and perfect.  The mini fits in this case perfectly and it looks awesome, but IMO there are two flaws.  The first is no biggy, but still a concern.  The magnet for the screen auto on and off is not powerful enough.  Don't get me wrong, it does turn it off and on, but I can hear it clicking on and off just carrying it around.  It also like to flop open on it's own.  A more powerful magnet would make a huge difference.  I also have another case(not from Spigen) with the auto on/off feature that works perfect!  The cover stays tight to the screen unless you want it to open.<br /><br />Now, for the real flaw in this case, the rubber doohicky that lets you prop this case open to create a stand.  I'm talking about the oval shaped rubber piece on the inside of the front cover.  Don't get me wrong, it works as intended, but I am concerned about the long term effects on the screen and/or screen protector.  Almost immediately I noticed it leaving marks on my screen because the cover rests on the screen mostly on this rubber piece when the case is closed.  I have a Spigen screen protector that will save my iPad, but that $18 screen protector is going to get damaged by this rubber snubber in short order.  I would REALLY be afraid to use this case with a bare glass screen.  I have actually thought about cutting the little rubber off because the look and design of this case is awesome, but for now I'm not using it because of my concern for my screen.  This little rubber piece puts all of the pressure and wear from the front cover onto one small area, and that's no good.  Spigen, please change the design of this case.  All it needs is a little thicker cover with indentation slots on the inside front cover for the pad to rest in when it is propped up and a stronger magnet.  Those two corrections and you make the PERFECT case.<br /><br />I have a number of Spigen products and most are awesome, but this one needs work.  As I said, it fits and looks great, but its function is sub par.  This is a five star product for looks and quality with a two star deduction for functionality flaws. I really wanted it to be the perfect case, but it just isn't. Fix it and trade me for the revised product and I'll be happy to change this review!"
RU1RHNNV3HH04	547	4	"I purchased the v1 Kindle Fire, and loved it so much I purchased two more for family members. When I upgraded to the v2 HD version, I was thrilled, however, the love affair was short-lived.<br /><br />The Kindle does not have the same feel:<br />1. It seems to freeze often - not as bad as other people have experienced, but more than my v1 Kindle.<br />2. The on/off switch is hard to find - the cute little round button with the charging indicator light is gone. It has been replaced by a button that is flush with the case, and I can never find it easily.<br />3. I don't like the special offers or the &#34;if you liked [x], you may like [y]&#34; recommendations. I ended up calling Amazon to pay more to turn off the special offers because I found them obnoxious. For the recommendations, I eventually found out how to turn them off, but I should not have had to. Amazon has cheapened the Kindle Fire experience.<br />4. There are some sharp edges along the case that are not comfortable. My son and a friend also mentioned it.<br />5. The power outlet has been moved to one of the long sides instead of close to the power button. I don't know why, but every case available positions the Kindle so the power outlet is on the bottom while you are watching a movie. You cannot charge it while watching. You can try turning it upside down, but then the speakers are covered up. The power outlet should be returned to the side.<br />6. Other small nitpicky problems that just contribute to a user experience that is lower than the original.<br /><br />In the end, when you upgrade from a v1 to a v2, you would expect that things that worked in the v1 would stay the same, and the bugs fixed. In this case, the v2 actually created problems in functionalities that had been previously stable in the v1 - not good.<br /><br />I would return it, but my old Kindle has died (they seem to have a shelf life!), and I've invested too much in Amazon media to make a change now. I am, however, no longer singing the praises of the Kindle Fire. And I am not likely to buy another one."
RU1RHNNV3HH04	Eddie	4	"I purchased the v1 Kindle Fire, and loved it so much I purchased two more for family members. When I upgraded to the v2 HD version, I was thrilled, however, the love affair was short-lived.<br /><br />The Kindle does not have the same feel:<br />1. It seems to freeze often - not as bad as other people have experienced, but more than my v1 Kindle.<br />2. The on/off switch is hard to find - the cute little round button with the charging indicator light is gone. It has been replaced by a button that is flush with the case, and I can never find it easily.<br />3. I don't like the special offers or the &#34;if you liked [x], you may like [y]&#34; recommendations. I ended up calling Amazon to pay more to turn off the special offers because I found them obnoxious. For the recommendations, I eventually found out how to turn them off, but I should not have had to. Amazon has cheapened the Kindle Fire experience.<br />4. There are some sharp edges along the case that are not comfortable. My son and a friend also mentioned it.<br />5. The power outlet has been moved to one of the long sides instead of close to the power button. I don't know why, but every case available positions the Kindle so the power outlet is on the bottom while you are watching a movie. You cannot charge it while watching. You can try turning it upside down, but then the speakers are covered up. The power outlet should be returned to the side.<br />6. Other small nitpicky problems that just contribute to a user experience that is lower than the original.<br /><br />In the end, when you upgrade from a v1 to a v2, you would expect that things that worked in the v1 would stay the same, and the bugs fixed. In this case, the v2 actually created problems in functionalities that had been previously stable in the v1 - not good.<br /><br />I would return it, but my old Kindle has died (they seem to have a shelf life!), and I've invested too much in Amazon media to make a change now. I am, however, no longer singing the praises of the Kindle Fire. And I am not likely to buy another one."
RU28NCS30TEIZ	547	1	This was not new when it came.  there were water marks on the screen and just gave the look of a used computer.
RU28NCS30TEIZ	Eddie	1	This was not new when it came.  there were water marks on the screen and just gave the look of a used computer.
RURYGP5ZTPJI7	547	1	This vendor and others say that this a 2-way IDE - SATA adapter. Our intent was to have the device plug into the FEMALE IDE cable plug [the needed plug on the device needs to be MALE] and then put a SATA device on one of the SATA connectors in the device. I have ordered these from several vendors; also thinking that thier's is what I need. The vendors' descriptions are such that their's looks with what I want. Got any suggestions??
RURYGP5ZTPJI7	Eddie	1	This vendor and others say that this a 2-way IDE - SATA adapter. Our intent was to have the device plug into the FEMALE IDE cable plug [the needed plug on the device needs to be MALE] and then put a SATA device on one of the SATA connectors in the device. I have ordered these from several vendors; also thinking that thier's is what I need. The vendors' descriptions are such that their's looks with what I want. Got any suggestions??
RUZVTPAYOPMOB	547	1	Users have to be careful when using the USB port to power this device. I connected this product to my 5 yrs old HP desktop computer and within 15 minutes my mother board went bad. Old computer USB though (2.0) is not sufficient to power up this device.
RUZVTPAYOPMOB	Eddie	1	Users have to be careful when using the USB port to power this device. I connected this product to my 5 yrs old HP desktop computer and within 15 minutes my mother board went bad. Old computer USB though (2.0) is not sufficient to power up this device.
RV104S32D3QS	547	2	"To potential buyers with only HDMI output ports, you are warned. According to the user's manual pg.12 (Does not support ...and resolutions, standard for 2K and 4K digital cinema resolution.), this monitor, although comes with an HDMI 1.4 version, eliminates its crucial optional spec. In other words, HDMI input on 2560x1440 @ 60Hz is made impossible even though you have an hdmi 1.4 cable + 1.4 graphics card. Admittedly, although some tweaks that manually setting the resolution to 1440p would work @30Hz or even up to 55Hz, those may not be applied to everyone and could hardly provide much satisfaction. Hence, a second thought is required for potential buyers with *only* HDMI ports and cables. I am questioning the Dell's logic behind not supporting this very important optional feature yet still literally claiming it's HDMI 1.4, as well as hiding this unremarkable yet important information. Peers, such as Asus's pb278q(r), an 'old' 2012 model, have no problem with 2k under hdmi."
RV104S32D3QS	Eddie	2	"To potential buyers with only HDMI output ports, you are warned. According to the user's manual pg.12 (Does not support ...and resolutions, standard for 2K and 4K digital cinema resolution.), this monitor, although comes with an HDMI 1.4 version, eliminates its crucial optional spec. In other words, HDMI input on 2560x1440 @ 60Hz is made impossible even though you have an hdmi 1.4 cable + 1.4 graphics card. Admittedly, although some tweaks that manually setting the resolution to 1440p would work @30Hz or even up to 55Hz, those may not be applied to everyone and could hardly provide much satisfaction. Hence, a second thought is required for potential buyers with *only* HDMI ports and cables. I am questioning the Dell's logic behind not supporting this very important optional feature yet still literally claiming it's HDMI 1.4, as well as hiding this unremarkable yet important information. Peers, such as Asus's pb278q(r), an 'old' 2012 model, have no problem with 2k under hdmi."
RVTT8WK9YN8DP	547	2	"I bought one of these to go with my 2014 Mac Pro.  I read the reviews and questions indicating that it did, in fact, work with OS X.  After plugging it in, I can confirm that it works out of the box, in the sense that you can open FaceTime or other video apps, the camera lights up, and you can see the video.<br /><br />However, the driver support is minimal at best. While it probably works fine if you are just recording yourself, Facetime calls have a pronounced echo on the other side of the call that cannot be removed.  As my main task for the webcam is video conferencing, I had to return it and go for the C930e.<br /><br />So if you have a mac and aren't going to do any video conferencing, this seems like a great webcam to get.  There are two apps you can get through the app store that give you some control over it. One is free and produced by Logitech called &#34;Logitech Camera Settings&#34;, and the other is &#34;Webcam Settings&#34;. It costs a few bucks but gives you more control."
RVTT8WK9YN8DP	Eddie	2	"I bought one of these to go with my 2014 Mac Pro.  I read the reviews and questions indicating that it did, in fact, work with OS X.  After plugging it in, I can confirm that it works out of the box, in the sense that you can open FaceTime or other video apps, the camera lights up, and you can see the video.<br /><br />However, the driver support is minimal at best. While it probably works fine if you are just recording yourself, Facetime calls have a pronounced echo on the other side of the call that cannot be removed.  As my main task for the webcam is video conferencing, I had to return it and go for the C930e.<br /><br />So if you have a mac and aren't going to do any video conferencing, this seems like a great webcam to get.  There are two apps you can get through the app store that give you some control over it. One is free and produced by Logitech called &#34;Logitech Camera Settings&#34;, and the other is &#34;Webcam Settings&#34;. It costs a few bucks but gives you more control."
RVW2KXD5GKUBQ	547	4	Product quality is good. Good looking and feel. Design is flawed in the slant position.<br />The product holds the tablet too straight up to read and wright. On that angularity it is needed to raise it at almost to eye level to be able to wright and read with some comfort. The tab &#34;holder&#34; in the folio back is placed too low. It should be placed about 0.500&#34; to 0.750&#34; higher on the back of the folio to increase the angularity of the tablet. That way placing it on the top of any regular height (29&#34; to 30&#34;) desk or table and sitting on a regular chair we would be comfortable reading and writing on the tablet without using the an extra detached keyboard. You can say... then buy an external key board. Well if I bought this one was to be able to travel as light as possible without too many extra items to carry.
RVW2KXD5GKUBQ	Eddie	4	Product quality is good. Good looking and feel. Design is flawed in the slant position.<br />The product holds the tablet too straight up to read and wright. On that angularity it is needed to raise it at almost to eye level to be able to wright and read with some comfort. The tab &#34;holder&#34; in the folio back is placed too low. It should be placed about 0.500&#34; to 0.750&#34; higher on the back of the folio to increase the angularity of the tablet. That way placing it on the top of any regular height (29&#34; to 30&#34;) desk or table and sitting on a regular chair we would be comfortable reading and writing on the tablet without using the an extra detached keyboard. You can say... then buy an external key board. Well if I bought this one was to be able to travel as light as possible without too many extra items to carry.
RVY75HQ7ENZBD	547	2	"I love everything about this keyboard except the backspace and space bar keys. Like other reviewers have mentioned they have a different feeling of resistance and different audio feedback. These keys somehow feel cheaper than the other keys, loose and springy almost. Possibly designed this way since they take the most constant hammering abuse? Not sure, but i will be swapping this keyboard out for the CM Storm Quickfire Pro I had previously."
RVY75HQ7ENZBD	Eddie	2	"I love everything about this keyboard except the backspace and space bar keys. Like other reviewers have mentioned they have a different feeling of resistance and different audio feedback. These keys somehow feel cheaper than the other keys, loose and springy almost. Possibly designed this way since they take the most constant hammering abuse? Not sure, but i will be swapping this keyboard out for the CM Storm Quickfire Pro I had previously."
RVYUATKL1DM7N	547	1	"I ordered the TB-7300 and it arrived fairly quickly.  Unfortunately, I have been unable to get the pen to work.  The scroll wheel works and the selector LEDs work, so I have to conclude that the tablet is communicating to the PC without a problem.  I contacted Trust Support and they sent me a replacement pen at no cost which was rather decent.  Sadly, the replacement pen is not recognized by the tablet either.  I've tried several driver updates and none of them have resolved the issue.  I'm returning the unit to Amazon for a refund while I contact the retailer for a replacement order.  Hopefully this is just a defective unit and the replacement will meet my expectations.  I will update the review/rating based on the outcome.    Update: The Trust reseller does not process exchanges so I decided to return the tablet and get a slight smaller one at a comparable price."
RVYUATKL1DM7N	Eddie	2	"I ordered the TB-7300 and it arrived fairly quickly.  Unfortunately, I have been unable to get the pen to work.  The scroll wheel works and the selector LEDs work, so I have to conclude that the tablet is communicating to the PC without a problem.  I contacted Trust Support and they sent me a replacement pen at no cost which was rather decent.  Sadly, the replacement pen is not recognized by the tablet either.  I've tried several driver updates and none of them have resolved the issue.  I'm returning the unit to Amazon for a refund while I contact the retailer for a replacement order.  Hopefully this is just a defective unit and the replacement will meet my expectations.  I will update the review/rating based on the outcome.    Update: The Trust reseller does not process exchanges so I decided to return the tablet and get a slight smaller one at a comparable price."
RWGJ83FVDBG2R	547	1	It's a good tablet but unlike it's predecessor the Kindle Fire you can't play certain videos that require a flash player and they don't offer the possibility to get flash player. Not real pleased with that after UPGRADING to the better HDX display. On my old Kindle I can watch videos with flash player . If you need the flash player this ISN'T the product for you.  Disapointed......
RWGJ83FVDBG2R	Eddie	2	It's a good tablet but unlike it's predecessor the Kindle Fire you can't play certain videos that require a flash player and they don't offer the possibility to get flash player. Not real pleased with that after UPGRADING to the better HDX display. On my old Kindle I can watch videos with flash player . If you need the flash player this ISN'T the product for you.  Disapointed......
RWIADOCMVZWHT	547	1	There are no problems with the reader but it didn't come with any cords to hook it into the USB drive. Guess I should have read the product information because I was under the impression that these types of things came with their own cords.
RWIADOCMVZWHT	Eddie	1	There are no problems with the reader but it didn't come with any cords to hook it into the USB drive. Guess I should have read the product information because I was under the impression that these types of things came with their own cords.
RX8XI4RJ2IP28	547	1	"I think this vendor should emphasize that there is not a AC adapter in the purchase and that it is strictly run by battery. My office ordered one similar to this one, but the company included the AC adapter, so I expected for this one to have one also.  Then, to complicate things, we tried to find an AC adapter through the Creative TravelSound, they could not help us.  We had to search around a bit to find other sources, and found that if we did order one it would have cost us an additional $40 or more.  After looking around we found that a local Walmart had an adapter that would fit this model."
RX8XI4RJ2IP28	Eddie	2	"I think this vendor should emphasize that there is not a AC adapter in the purchase and that it is strictly run by battery. My office ordered one similar to this one, but the company included the AC adapter, so I expected for this one to have one also.  Then, to complicate things, we tried to find an AC adapter through the Creative TravelSound, they could not help us.  We had to search around a bit to find other sources, and found that if we did order one it would have cost us an additional $40 or more.  After looking around we found that a local Walmart had an adapter that would fit this model."
RX8Z6RLDZS4YK	547	2	"I just received this today and tried it out. Immediately I could tell the construction of this case is excellent. The leather feels nice, and the added elastic band on the back is a good touch to allow you to slip your hand in and keep grasp of the case/tab.  The Galaxy Tab badge on the side of the case cool. On the inside there's two credit card sized slots for an ID card of a \\""return to address if lost\\"" tag. And that's about it.<br /><br />Now with the most important part.  This case, although recommended by Amazon for the Tab 2 7in,  I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS FOR  GALAXY TAB 2 7.0 OWNERS! I think it only is compatible for the 1st gen Galaxy Tabs.<br /><br />The tab doesn't fit correctly; some of the tab is exposed on the left because it doesn't go in all the way. The fabric that holds the tab in doesn't have the correct cut-outs for the Tab 2. The top portion completely covers the mic and headphone jack. The volume button is covered on the upper/high volume portion, thus keeping pressure on the high volume button.  Even though I don't use the Peel app and the IR, it's completely covered as well.  The bottom speakers aren't aligned correctly. And lastly, the light sensor is completely covered also, so if auto brightness is on, will always dim the screen to adjust to low light situations.<br /><br />Again, this case would be excellent for the original Galaxy Tab 7 first generation, BUT NOT FOR THE GALAXY TAB 2 7.0"
RX8Z6RLDZS4YK	Eddie	2	"I just received this today and tried it out. Immediately I could tell the construction of this case is excellent. The leather feels nice, and the added elastic band on the back is a good touch to allow you to slip your hand in and keep grasp of the case/tab.  The Galaxy Tab badge on the side of the case cool. On the inside there's two credit card sized slots for an ID card of a \\""return to address if lost\\"" tag. And that's about it.<br /><br />Now with the most important part.  This case, although recommended by Amazon for the Tab 2 7in,  I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS FOR  GALAXY TAB 2 7.0 OWNERS! I think it only is compatible for the 1st gen Galaxy Tabs.<br /><br />The tab doesn't fit correctly; some of the tab is exposed on the left because it doesn't go in all the way. The fabric that holds the tab in doesn't have the correct cut-outs for the Tab 2. The top portion completely covers the mic and headphone jack. The volume button is covered on the upper/high volume portion, thus keeping pressure on the high volume button.  Even though I don't use the Peel app and the IR, it's completely covered as well.  The bottom speakers aren't aligned correctly. And lastly, the light sensor is completely covered also, so if auto brightness is on, will always dim the screen to adjust to low light situations.<br /><br />Again, this case would be excellent for the original Galaxy Tab 7 first generation, BUT NOT FOR THE GALAXY TAB 2 7.0"
RXAQDVWSIW5YG	547	2	"I have a brand-new Dell Precision laptop (64-bit Win-7, i7-2820QM) and the display just blinks across the three monitors after installing the driver software.  My coworker with the same model laptop had the same results.<br /><br />--Revised, 4/27/12: I just figured out that these new laptops have USB 3.0 controllers, and I see on DisplayLink's support page that there are known-issues with the USB 3.0 controllers."
RXAQDVWSIW5YG	Eddie	2	"I have a brand-new Dell Precision laptop (64-bit Win-7, i7-2820QM) and the display just blinks across the three monitors after installing the driver software.  My coworker with the same model laptop had the same results.<br /><br />--Revised, 4/27/12: I just figured out that these new laptops have USB 3.0 controllers, and I see on DisplayLink's support page that there are known-issues with the USB 3.0 controllers."
RXC5LRUZ605DC	547	3	"This is a good product - nevertheless...<br /><br />...when used as a range extender the Almond must be placed in a location that has a strong signal - the Almond will extend the signal it receives, but will not boost a weak signal - the instructions allude to this, stating the extender must be a reasonable distance from the router.<br /><br />Also, keep in mind the signal it extends is susceptible to degradation by walls or other obstructions that may be the origin of the need to extend in the first place.<br /><br />The bottom line is the user must place the Almond in just the right spot - this may be easy, or, in some instances, may be impossible."
RXC5LRUZ605DC	Eddie	3	"This is a good product - nevertheless...<br /><br />...when used as a range extender the Almond must be placed in a location that has a strong signal - the Almond will extend the signal it receives, but will not boost a weak signal - the instructions allude to this, stating the extender must be a reasonable distance from the router.<br /><br />Also, keep in mind the signal it extends is susceptible to degradation by walls or other obstructions that may be the origin of the need to extend in the first place.<br /><br />The bottom line is the user must place the Almond in just the right spot - this may be easy, or, in some instances, may be impossible."
RXIPOMVOKZFUX	547	3	"I got these speakers to replace an older set that failed.  The sound quality is OK for the price.  The power supply is in the right speaker, there is no external power brick, and the AC cord goes straight into the speaker.  I have a traditional CRT monitor, not the LCD flat panel, and the power supply in the right speaker generates enough of a magnetic field to interfere with the CRT display, causing distortion.  I swapped the speakers with my other computer, which has a flat panel LCD monitor and they work fine.   Don't get these if you use a CRT and want to place the speakers within 12 inches of the monitor."
RXIPOMVOKZFUX	Eddie	3	"I got these speakers to replace an older set that failed.  The sound quality is OK for the price.  The power supply is in the right speaker, there is no external power brick, and the AC cord goes straight into the speaker.  I have a traditional CRT monitor, not the LCD flat panel, and the power supply in the right speaker generates enough of a magnetic field to interfere with the CRT display, causing distortion.  I swapped the speakers with my other computer, which has a flat panel LCD monitor and they work fine.   Don't get these if you use a CRT and want to place the speakers within 12 inches of the monitor."
RXJRHLU1EGHXD	547	1	"I purchased this item thinking that it would be a small, pocketable device.  (As of this posting, there are no measurements included in the details section of the seller's page, so I assumed it was about the size of a regular USB.)  When it arrived, it was HUGE -- easily four times as big as I'd been expecting.  As a rough estimate, think &#34;almost the size of two golf balls&#34; big.<br /><br />Apart from the sizing issue, it looks like it does in the picture, and I'm sure it functions fine (though if you're on a laptop where the USB port is close to the table/desk, the width of the cork could get in the way of plugging it in).  However, I will be sending it back in favor of getting something smaller."
RXJRHLU1EGHXD	Eddie	1	"I purchased this item thinking that it would be a small, pocketable device.  (As of this posting, there are no measurements included in the details section of the seller's page, so I assumed it was about the size of a regular USB.)  When it arrived, it was HUGE -- easily four times as big as I'd been expecting.  As a rough estimate, think &#34;almost the size of two golf balls&#34; big.<br /><br />Apart from the sizing issue, it looks like it does in the picture, and I'm sure it functions fine (though if you're on a laptop where the USB port is close to the table/desk, the width of the cork could get in the way of plugging it in).  However, I will be sending it back in favor of getting something smaller."
RXYUR7NSCBFGR	547	1	I received this case today. I was told this is a temp case due to they had a problem with the magnet when case folded backwards it puts the nexus 7 back to sleep. This seems to be a great case except for that one problem. They are suppose to be sending me a new improved case that works and leaves the nexus 7 on when case is folded backwards while using the tablet. I will post an update when it arrives and let all know how it is<br /><br />Thanks<br />Brent
RXYUR7NSCBFGR	Eddie	1	I received this case today. I was told this is a temp case due to they had a problem with the magnet when case folded backwards it puts the nexus 7 back to sleep. This seems to be a great case except for that one problem. They are suppose to be sending me a new improved case that works and leaves the nexus 7 on when case is folded backwards while using the tablet. I will post an update when it arrives and let all know how it is<br /><br />Thanks<br />Brent
RYF9OEN2IFPDO	547	3	"I like this backpack, it is sweet. But it is definitely different than it is pictured in the listing. If you like the spiky front part of the backpack, read no more, just buy it, it's pretty good. But if you're expecting a nicely padded back panel and straps with nice hardware, do not buy this.<br /><br />It is pictured with layers of mesh and leatherette and padding on the back panel, and what I got is just a layer of leatherette with no padding. The straps look all beefy and like they would protect your body from discomfort, with two sets of d-rings on each strap, a strap that buckles across the chest, a strap that buckles across the waist, and two plastic grippy adjustable slides for the strap length. This backpack is not even big enough to fit all of that hardware on it. What I got: non-padded leatherette straps with metal d-rings to adjust strap length, and the webbing was flimsy and non-finished (slightly melted at the ends to prevent unraveling, but not sewn over in any way.<br /><br />The side pockets look like they do on the listing, and there is an inner pocket in the backpack, which are both nice. Also, the pack is kind of small, but I do think that is reflected in the description of the product. This pack retains points for how badass and awesome it is despite being so different from the pictured listing."
RYF9OEN2IFPDO	Eddie	3	"I like this backpack, it is sweet. But it is definitely different than it is pictured in the listing. If you like the spiky front part of the backpack, read no more, just buy it, it's pretty good. But if you're expecting a nicely padded back panel and straps with nice hardware, do not buy this.<br /><br />It is pictured with layers of mesh and leatherette and padding on the back panel, and what I got is just a layer of leatherette with no padding. The straps look all beefy and like they would protect your body from discomfort, with two sets of d-rings on each strap, a strap that buckles across the chest, a strap that buckles across the waist, and two plastic grippy adjustable slides for the strap length. This backpack is not even big enough to fit all of that hardware on it. What I got: non-padded leatherette straps with metal d-rings to adjust strap length, and the webbing was flimsy and non-finished (slightly melted at the ends to prevent unraveling, but not sewn over in any way.<br /><br />The side pockets look like they do on the listing, and there is an inner pocket in the backpack, which are both nice. Also, the pack is kind of small, but I do think that is reflected in the description of the product. This pack retains points for how badass and awesome it is despite being so different from the pictured listing."
RYMXE71MP5024	547	0	For baby fingers.
RYMXE71MP5024	Eddie	0	For baby fingers.
RZ7HJP4KKFCGM	547	1	Product was much like it was described but I discovered it's much slower than I envisaged for the 1GHz processor. seems the motherboard was much more worn than I thought.
RZ7HJP4KKFCGM	Eddie	1	Product was much like it was described but I discovered it's much slower than I envisaged for the 1GHz processor. seems the motherboard was much more worn than I thought.
RZGV8AL30DPZH	547	1	"In the picture, the space bar is beautiful. In the actual product, there is a huge brand in bold capital letters that says MOSISO. it's functionally great but I just wasn't expecting that."
RZGV8AL30DPZH	Eddie	1	"In the picture, the space bar is beautiful. In the actual product, there is a huge brand in bold capital letters that says MOSISO. it's functionally great but I just wasn't expecting that."
RZIYUI4NEJTFE	547	2	"This case does NOT activate auto-sleep on the 2014 HDX!  After a lot of searching, I googled The PC Micro Store and called and they told me that the magnets are in the wrong place to activate the 2014 HDX, but work fine with the 2013.  Other than this, its a great case."
RZIYUI4NEJTFE	Eddie	2	"This case does NOT activate auto-sleep on the 2014 HDX!  After a lot of searching, I googled The PC Micro Store and called and they told me that the magnets are in the wrong place to activate the 2014 HDX, but work fine with the 2013.  Other than this, its a great case."
RZJZ0B0P34N1P	547	2	The case is good. It is not great but it does it's job. I went with this case instead of the amazon brand to save a few more bucks. I never used the amazon brand but from what I can tell the only difference is that the amazon case puts your tablet to sleep automatically.<br />Now for this case's review.<br />Pro's:<br />- decent stand for watching videos on tablet.<br />- minimal - average protection (not an otterbox)<br />- little flap on the side to hold stylus pen<br /><br />Con's:<br />- Quality: poor - average. I wouldn't expect it to last past two years.<br />- suede inside sometimes picks up dust and puts it on the screen.<br /><br />* Mainly knocked off 2 stars (1 1/2 in my head) due to the quality and durability.
RZJZ0B0P34N1P	Eddie	2	The case is good. It is not great but it does it's job. I went with this case instead of the amazon brand to save a few more bucks. I never used the amazon brand but from what I can tell the only difference is that the amazon case puts your tablet to sleep automatically.<br />Now for this case's review.<br />Pro's:<br />- decent stand for watching videos on tablet.<br />- minimal - average protection (not an otterbox)<br />- little flap on the side to hold stylus pen<br /><br />Con's:<br />- Quality: poor - average. I wouldn't expect it to last past two years.<br />- suede inside sometimes picks up dust and puts it on the screen.<br /><br />* Mainly knocked off 2 stars (1 1/2 in my head) due to the quality and durability.
RZLCGJM7OKJWX	547	1	"Pretty good, but the bluetooth keyboard lags behind your keystrokes. Otherwise, decent quality, esp for the price. Keyboard is very light as well."
RZLCGJM7OKJWX	Eddie	1	"Pretty good, but the bluetooth keyboard lags behind your keystrokes. Otherwise, decent quality, esp for the price. Keyboard is very light as well."
RZNKLZ6E4IFX8	547	2	Product is great for HDD and flash drive combination when using with a tablet such as Surface Pro 3.  Tablet port doesn't have enough juice to support two HDDs.  Maybe the installation of a power port from another USB port or power source would make this a 5-star product.
RZNKLZ6E4IFX8	Eddie	2	Product is great for HDD and flash drive combination when using with a tablet such as Surface Pro 3.  Tablet port doesn't have enough juice to support two HDDs.  Maybe the installation of a power port from another USB port or power source would make this a 5-star product.
RZQP6SHYIK9W0	547	2	"I bought this to replace an internal PCI card on my RHEL-clone 5.5 Linux PC,  which uses a 2.6.18 Linux kernel.    Unfortunately the drivers in this kernel don't fully work for this device;  it's recognized and you can set the WEP encryption keys, but not the SSID.    I tried it with my Knoppix Linux DVD (with a 2.6.31 kernel) and it comes up  without a problem and all parameters can be configured with standard wireless  tools like iwconfig.    So this is a great solution if you need a USB-ethernet adapter for a recent Linux  kernel but not for the more widespread Linux distributions like RHEL 5.5 which  are still on 2.6.18."
RZQP6SHYIK9W0	Eddie	2	"I bought this to replace an internal PCI card on my RHEL-clone 5.5 Linux PC,  which uses a 2.6.18 Linux kernel.    Unfortunately the drivers in this kernel don't fully work for this device;  it's recognized and you can set the WEP encryption keys, but not the SSID.    I tried it with my Knoppix Linux DVD (with a 2.6.31 kernel) and it comes up  without a problem and all parameters can be configured with standard wireless  tools like iwconfig.    So this is a great solution if you need a USB-ethernet adapter for a recent Linux  kernel but not for the more widespread Linux distributions like RHEL 5.5 which  are still on 2.6.18."